workerId	assignmentId	Treatment	Time	KnewAboutMoodStudy	AwareThisStudy_BotnetSpam	AwareThisStudy_Facebook	AwareThisStudy_OSCredentialSpoofing	AwareThisStudy_SocialPhishing	AwareThisStudy_WarningsDeception	PrevParticipated_BotnetSpam	PrevParticipated_Facebook	PrevParticipated_OSCredentialSpoofing	PrevParticipated_SocialPhishing	PrevParticipated_WarningsDeception	Proceed_BotnetSpam	Proceed_Facebook	Proceed_OSCredentialSpoofing	Proceed_SocialPhishing	Proceed_WarningsDeception	Surrogate_BotnetSpam	Surrogate_Facebook	Surrogate_OSCredentialSpoofing	Surrogate_SocialPhishing	Surrogate_WarningsDeception	XplainProceed_BotnetSpam	XplainProceed_Facebook	XplainProceed_OSCredentialSpoofing	XplainProceed_SocialPhishing	XplainProceed_WarningsDeception	XplainSurrogate_BotnetSpam	XplainSurrogate_Facebook	XplainSurrogate_OSCredentialSpoofing	XplainSurrogate_SocialPhishing	XplainSurrogate_WarningsDeception
A0017268R9SKD8U2Y3F	3OS4RQUCR9GY9EG9XLSH47Z5S1EBFE	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1075	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I suppose one of the concerns may be privacy, thus it is necessary to remain cautious. 		Cautious with the information being supplied.	Again, it's important to be cautious with the confidential information that would be supplied.		I am rather indifferent on the subject. I don't have a valid "Yes" for the question above and I do not have a "no" as I see no reason as to why I would have any reservations on the matter.		It sounds like an interesting experiment. I am indifferent about someone I care about participating. I see no foreseeable risks.	As long as no one is in danger or there aren't any crazy risks, they may participate in the experiment. I am indifferent on the matter.	
A05062513MWBSOJW7FC52	3TK8OJTYM1MP9539G5FMHD7GX66PV4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	369	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Stopping SPAM is very important. I would support an experiment thats goal is to stop SPAM. 	Im not sure how I feel about this. On one hand it would be a very interesting study. On the other hand it feels like an invasion of privacy. 	This would be a very important study to see what kind of tricks people fall for.	I think research like this would tell a lot about phishing emails from those you trust. 						
A100VV1V2XDQI7	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMWZXZ8Z	Control	230	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes					I believe the reasons for it are necessary.					I've no issue with my hubby or kid participating in such an experiment.
A1015EI76K26I3	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYC6RD5	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	454	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I'd be afraid it would be considered fraud if they figured it out		I think people would get angry at them	Getting friends from people's facebook profiles is drawing a huge line and it should NOT be crossed! 	if it doesn't actually hurt the person, then it should be ok					
A101WUMP4O5DY7	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGSQAYI	Twitter	542	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes		They need to ensure that participants' privacy is strictly kept.					Because participants will not be identified. 			
A108CUUOEG505F	3VHP9MDGRNLHJJ8FBLOCFR5NAKACFE	NoAdvertising	516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	Doing this could hurt a person from returning to a computer again.	I feel they should, but this could turn bad for them and Facebook due to people thinking it is to just invade them to serve ads.	Everyone needs to have their online identity safe from breaches.	Yes they bring it up to them, but the researchers to get all that info on the students to trick them seems really intrusive without them knowing.	Because they disclose all of what happened and is not intended to keep it from them.	I do not like this type of study could really turn people away.		Because password security is essential.	This study is a big no no for me. A study that researches the person to use it against.	
A108M3VY9MPN37	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594KY58FU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2067	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There must be no way to capture personal or billing information and participants privacy must be secured.	To passively collect data is ok.  To actively interfere with the communication between friends is wrong.	Care must be taken to make sure that no passwords are stolen.  	I am uncomfortable with the search of a student's Facebook profile.	Full disclosure that there was no security risk is very important to this study.	Since no personal or billing information is being collected I see no harm in doing the experiment.  	I do not like the idea of excluding or interfering in any way any of the friend's posts.  	I would have no objection to being a subject of such a study.	I think the study has merit but I am uncomfortable with the search of a student's Facebook profile.  That said, it is up to each person to set security for their own profile.	I would be willing to participate in this experiment.  I cannot speak for anyone else.
A10CJSS8A39ZC1	3LOTDFNYA70QXHEKSCODRLCQ24EFWK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	383	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A10CK23E76BWV6	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUNIHQY	Twitter	447	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	At first glance it does not appear to be harmful, but the researcher and overseers should watch out for that.					This is really interesting research and would not harm them.	Unlike the other studies referenced. this study could potentially have a negative effect on users. Also, Twitter is a known quantity, and it is reasonable for someone to expect their feed to be untampered with.			
A10DM8LZLXL464	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7JULRX	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1114	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes							This actually happened earlier this week.			
A10GHU62ZGTGY6	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCT3RP9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	This seems to be an attempt to quantify something that is useless	they are just trying to prove the obvious	it may be of some use	it seems unnecessary	it seems unnecessary	I believe spam is an invasion of privacy	it is an invasion of privacy	deceieving premises	invasion of privacy	I don't care to be decieved
A10J2LPSWS03SQ	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL64G4VM	NoAdvertising	872	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	The researchers should be able to proceed with the experiment while assuring the safety of the participants. 	I don't think that the researchers should be able to manipulate the participants' Facebook pages.	The researchers should be able to continue with the experiment, but should be cautious not to store any passwords or put any participants at risk. 	I would support the experiment if the researchers were unable to see the passwords that were entered.	The researchers need to exercise extreme caution in protecting the participants, if that is done then they should be allowed to proceed.	As long as researchers are not collecting any personal information from the participants, I would support the experiment. 		I would feel comfortable with the research because no passwords are beinf stored in any way.\r\n	I would not condone the participation when passwords are being taken and used, whether it is secure or not. 	As long as the participant is at no true risk, then I would support their participation.
A10NAX1WPXMFT2	3MX2NQ3YC9VDKKQLW57Q7SZKM8H5XN	Twitter	1005	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A10NETRDC5VLFP	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSRL022	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	186	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A10OJZHJKJOMX8	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJXKVE1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	744	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	I feel that the experimenters have not created an ethical or safe experiment for participants.  There are too many risks involved with this study.	I feel that the experiment is ethical and practical when it comes to the mental health of facebook users.	I feel that some aspects are slightly unsafe or can lead to some damage towards participants of the experiment.	I feel as if some aspects of this experiment are unethical or unsafe to participants.  	Because I believe the experimenters were careful when designing all aspects of the experiment so that participants would not come to any harm.	I feel as if this experiment is entirely unsafe for participants.				
A10P6JHJ52BLZL	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGCNU1Y	WithoutPublication	725	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	It will help us to understand the positive and negative aspects of SPAMMMING	Yeah sure it will be interesting to see the results.	It will benefit and educate both parties.	It will benefit everyone as a learning experience.	I think it will benefit people in the long run but I dont want my security to be compromised any.	It will help to control SPAM			I would want that person to be aware of whats happening and to be educated in how to deal with it.	I wouldnt want someone that I cared for to be deceived about their security.
A10REK3XHCU8HT	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQAD1ZQ1R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	446	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	It seems unethical to me.		People are idiots about their passwords and need to explicitly be shown what they need to look out for to avoid being "hacked"		People are dumb.					I'm tired of cleaning off people's computers because they click on ads and then ignore their antivirus warning them that it's dangerous.
A10RI4TLDUCPM1	3ZDAD0O1T1EF5M1BX1POA85Y2LYXTL	UnnamedCompany	1679	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	no	This is essentially a man-in-the-middle-attack, which I do believe is illegal.  Just because it's for research does not really make it any different than some hacker using the same technique to grab personal information, other than the claim that no information will be collected. 	"protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users"  Is this something that is really needed?  Didn't Facebook just get taken to task for trying this nonsense?			What happens when the participant gets the security warnings and dumps out of the HIT immediately, and never gets informed of the explanation at the end? 	I hope no one that I care about is dumb enough to be answering spam e-mail, but other than that I don't really care. 	If I choose to share something, who are the experimenters to decide if it gets to the people I want it to or not? 			You don't play around with security.  
A10RUS5OL82QEL	3WMINLGALB4MNSR7052K1QUWD6BCAJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	1765	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Any unauthorized access to someone's password is not okay, even if consent is sought after the fact. The experiment has some concerning privacy violations, and I do not agree that these violations are worth whatever could supposedly be learned from the exercise.	The personal violations of this research are not okay and any new knowledge gained is not worth said violations.  Plus, consent is not mentioned anywhere in the abstract.	The study MUST be designed so that no passwords are recorded at all, and so that there is no vulnerability for true hackers to hijack the study for ill purposes.	Same answer as before: Any unauthorized access to someone's password is not okay, even if consent is sought after the fact. The experiment has some concerning privacy violations, and I do not agree that these violations are worth whatever could supposedly be learned from the exercise.		I believe what one purchases is private information, so this experiment has a;; sorts of privacy violations to me. 	I think it is unethical to manipulate someone's emotions, even in the name of scientific research and even if consent is sought after the fact (although consent is not mentioned here).  Plus, I am pretty anti-facebook!	As long as passwords are not recorded in ANY way, then I have no preference.	Any unauthorized access to someone's password is not okay, even if consent is sought after the fact. The experiment has some concerning privacy violations, and I do not agree that these violations are worth whatever could supposedly be learned from the exercise.	As long as there is no real risk to the subject, I have no problem with this experiment.
A10SUPT94QJPN7	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALVQ5CS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1125	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	It seems like the research results could be valuable in fighting spammers but I'm not sure if this is the best way to conduct the research.	This one seems a bit too sneaky as well.	It is a research experiment so as long as researchers are conducting it within the established rules of ethics then they should be allowed.	I'm not sure that tricking people into unwitting participation is ethical. Attempting to fool someone who is already agreeing to participate in a study is one thing but tricking people who do not know they are even participating is a bit too sneaky.	As long as the researchers followed established guidelines and rules of ethics then there is no issue.	On the fence on this one but if no payment information is collected then I might say yes. Maybe.	Unsure about this one.	I would participate so I have no issue with someone I care about participating.	I'm unsure about this one, it's kind of too sneaky.	I would participate so a loved one participating is fine with me.
A10TU9I6GUEENN	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6J9ETBU	InsertPosts	864	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	There is no informed consent and obvious deception at work here. Deception is allowable if the participants are aware that they are at least in a study. 	There is no informed consent nor is there any debriefing. 	See above comment.		See comments above.	The researchers need to obtain informed consent from the participants.	There is no mention of the people being informed that they are part of a study.	Because the passwords were not stolen and there was informed consent, I think this one is okay. However, I might advise my loved one to change passwords that matched the one given, just to be safe. 		There is informed consent and the subjects will be debriefed and remain anonymous. This seems perfectly acceptable. 
A10VDFRX9TQS17	3GM6G9ZBKNY4BA27JUNFZRP0V88MT2	InsertPosts	155	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A10VQSMGPJFSMU	3K5TEWLKGVCXSJG53AP28G64BMFIVD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	677	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This sounds like important marketing research with wide implications.	Same reason. Facebook can do what they want with their own program	This sounds great. I think this should not only be allowed, but done ASAP.	Why not? I don't see why not. This is perfectly fine with no malice.	This research will hurt no one so why not?	This sounds great. I would love to see the results!	Facebook can do what they want with their own program.	This sounds very valuable to people. Do it.	Sounds like a good experiment to do!	Nobody gets hurt, no problem.
A10XEV4PQKUC2C	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ8BK54	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	859	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	There is too much room for error and it is taking advantage of the people the spammer is targeting. 	It's manipulate and undisclosed. The purpose people visiting the site is social, not to participate in experiments. 	I think it would be useful information, with people agreeing to participate and no info stored or actually collected. 	No, for the same reasons above. Accessing profiles on facebook, pretending to be someone else without permission, and then actually obtaining the passwords would be wrong.	I don't know what the requirements are for scientific experiments and whether no not this would violate them. 	The lack of disclosure and of voluntary participation make me feel like it would be a bad idea.  As well as the fact that the experiment is not under the complete control of the researchers. 	If there's a potential that their mood could be affected, I would not like that. 	There doesn't seem to be any risk. 	This seems to involve violating privacy, and then being able to access sensitive data of the students once they enter the password.	There's no real risk, so it wouldn't be concerned. 
A10XYFXQYJKBXF	37C0GNLMHF4V5ILIAOGJ5RAS2UAD6L	InsertPosts	834	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			RESEARCHERS WOULDN't be able to measure how users become victims of hackers							
A10YFUTL5NTFU3	3PPTZCWALQLRI19YHFJE2OAMQ8KQZ8	WithoutPublication	528	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I don't think the researcher should stop anyone from making a purchase, or the seller from making a sale. 			They would have secured information, and be using it. It could open the subject to real risk if not handled properly. 			I'd want to be able to read all of my friend's posts and not have the website edit what I see. 			
A10YS8AVLQWUZZ	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WHDO3L	UnnamedCompany	935	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	I think this is a fair and ethical way to research the problem of spam.	I think it is wrong to exclude posts from candidate participants.	In addition, the researchers should tel participants how to better protect their passwords and to change them if they feel they have been compromised.	I think this is a bad research project. In my opinion it is hacking.	This seems fine to me, I see no issues with the manner in which the research is to be done.	I don;t see any harm in this research.	I don't think it is ethical for the researchers to exclude any posts.	I see no harm in this research.	This research is just as bad as the hackers who do phishing!	I see no harm in this research experiment.
A1102MP1CZI32V	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE9427BQEC	Control	534	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A110FGFTNKD7HY	3J2UYBXQQLD16YKOYCSOQKQ98XB60F	WithoutImprovingProduct	513	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	This seems much too dangerous.	They need to inform the participants.	I hope that they do not ask for real passwords but have users make a new one for a pretend service.	I don't think so because using real passwords is very dangerous but off-hand I can't think of a better way.	I don't see any negative side effects so long as participants see that there was no real harm.	Since the participants are not informed it does not seem ethical.	Without notifying the user, people would be subjected to negative information routinely without their knowledge and have an adverse reaction.	I would not want real passwords that someone uses to be used even temporarily somewhere else.	I would not want real passwords being used.	There are no negative repercussions to the study and new information will be learned.
A11179KDXC2RL0	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGG4Z3C	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2592	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I don't think it is very relevant. It is well known that people are scammed, and that it is often the geriatric population who are vulnerable.	I don't know how ethical it is to post thoughts as someone else, since researchers would not know who they are posting for, or what their emotional state is. The family members may misinterpret the mood or thought, even if it is thought to be unimportant or irrelevant by researchers.	I think it would benefit a lot of people. I know a few people who do not understand how unsafe their password choices are.	This would help people learn about these types of scams.		I would not want anyone I know to click on a link in a spam email. Especially not to buy something from their "store".	I had to delete my facebook page a few years ago because of the play-by-play drama people like to put on there. I don't know that I would know the difference if someone I knew/cared about were a participant.	I think it would be a learning experience. They would know how to create a safer password	This would also be a learning experience.	
A1132D80ERZLF9	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3B6BPN0	InsertPosts	971	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	As a lay person, I don't see any ethical issues with this experiment.	The researchers aren't seeking anyone's permission, or revealing their experiment to anyone. 				It doesn't seem like there would be any harm to the unknowing participant. In fact, it would likely save them money or possible identity theft. 				
A1153ZIEQX0ZJ8	3OHYZ19UGC6NWHOAQABBWQOD2IOAO4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	8441	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	no	It seem kinda useless to me, but this could be valuable to other people.	I think, this sounds like a great experiment, so I would advocate it.	It seem like a valuable experience, but they should be careful due to the sensitivity of this nature. 	It seem like a good thing, but due to the sensitivity of things of this nature, researchers need to be cautious with how they conduct their research.	Probably. This could be helpful in aggregating data in how people handle with security warnings.	I'm indifferent. It can be a good thing, but also kinda pointless.	This could be useful and sounds promising, so perhaps.		Yes, this can teach the individual a lesson, in how easy they can fall for things like this.	Not really. I don't see how the individual will gain anything out of this unless they're compensated.
A1159EV0HX7QLZ	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVDP1S8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	356	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	with caution it would be ok I guess.	I think facebook is a powerful tool and could hurt the persons feelings.	If its for research then I guess it would be ok but its risky to hurt a persons feelings.	no, I think its invasion of privacy.	seems ok	Would not want to see them get hurt	dont want them to be hurt.	Well I wouldn't like to see someone I know deceived.	seems deceitful and wouldnt want someone I know participating	doesnt seem that offensive.
A1188J9Z5C2T1L	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCJZSIY	WithoutImprovingProduct	328	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A118DWOXWSI8VC	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7H6S384	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	790	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	This is a clear invasion of privacy, and bringing purchases into it makes it worse.				This research seems less harmful than other research presented, although no less deceitful.	No one is even being informed of the deceit.			Researchers will know their spasswords, and it is always unethical to perform research on others without their consent	
A1192QTH13TFC0	3FK0YFF9PZH2EP052HOLN5WYJPHVVV	Twitter	438	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A119Y1O8BULMQI	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DG2SQNN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	458	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no, just don't spam anyone			never mess with other peoples emails	it is only a study	spammers should be shot	it is for the advancement of science	ok, now you guys are really crossing the line	never mess with other peoples emails	no harm done
A11DRU0FXXJGKF	3IHR8NYAM72QFSKUW9EZ8N73KFXP42	Twitter	604	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes						While the research would be interesting to see, I wouldn't want any of my friends or family to be messed with like that.  When you start being funny with peoples money, they might get mad.			If any of my family or friends fell victim to a phisher, they should learn not to.	
A11J5JF5KLFEG2	3FIUS151DV30EVKFORQDN3QE9T4GGX	InsertPosts	2045	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A11JDX1KJTIHFL	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE7Z64SZ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2162	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	I think it is unethical to allow and encourage spamming.	It could be considered unethical to perform research on an individual without his consent.	I think it is unethical to obtain passwords through deceit, even if it is not done maliciously.	If the university has given permission, it is acceptable. However, it may be unethical to encourage phishing.	I think it would be useful to study the effectiveness of security warnings.	I wouldn't want anyone to be the victim of spam, even if the spam is under benevolent control.	I don't think the experiment would have any negative impact on anyone.	I would not want someone I cared about to have their password compromised, even if it was not done maliciously.		
A11KP7FK5KS9H1	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOW8QGVK	NoAdvertising	343	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A11KS96WS37CC1	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIIC71O8H	NoAdvertising	450	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		They should ask for volunteers.		Not without permission.			I find it disgusting that facebook allowed this. It is one thing to actively participate and know what you are participating in. Quite another to do it without informing.		It should be voluntary.	
A11LUY287K2MYF	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTQAUZV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	411	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	I feel that this would make people anxious. 	I don't see anything unethical or illegal with this. This would be a good study. 	They will be getting confidential information. They need to dispose of it and let people know they disposed of it. 	They're compromising a person's identity. This could cause a lot of issues. 	As lose as they disclose that nothing is wrong at the end of the experiment, this seems safe. 	I feel that this would make people anxious. 	These seems harmless. 	I wouldn't care if someone I knew participated. 	This will cause them to worry about their friend's identity. 	This seems alright. 
A11MBZUB0YC9V1	3K772S5NP8CGUDJZ22I780H3BBUHE4	WithoutImprovingProduct	2055	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	Again, the subjects are not giving consent to participate in the experiment.	"If the researchers are not allowed to perform this experiment, they will not be able to make a valid scientific determination of whether users' moods are affected by the moods of their friends' posts."  The experimenters have no need to ascertain such a thing--but I'd think Facebook might find the information valuable in terms of tailoring feeds to make users more prone to, say, purchase items to improve their mood, or because they're happy.	The chief problem is that the methods haven't been explained, and it's not clear to me whether subjects will be induced to type passwords they're currently using. If that's the case, I think the experiment is troubled.  People simply won't believe the "aggregated data" line.	Lack of consent of subjects; improper use of Facebook data; and access to passwords should not be permitted by the university.	Assuming this is a serious proposal, I expect the researchers are aware that many participants would simply close their browsers after encountering a security warning, return the HIT, and leave a bad review on Turkopticon (or an equivalent site if this isn't an Amazon HIT). IOW, the design of the study isn't going to foster a successful outcome.	Like the Facebook example, this experiment entails uninformed consent of the subjects to the experiment, which violates scientific protocol.  	The researchers have no right to manipulate the moods of unsuspecting participants on a social media site without their permission, which is how this experiment was actually conducted.  The standard of informed consent was violated, which is itself a violation of good scientific protocol--IMO. Cornell and the University of California know better.	Although the revelation that the subject has been disingenuously informed of the purpose of the experiment may be distressing to the person, the experience could also be highly instructive.  If the person is vulnerable to hacker techniques, he or she should be made aware of that, and going through the experiment would be one way to hammer it home.	Again, the subjects would not have consented to the experiment.  In addition, I wouldn't want someone I cared about to have to reset all his or her passwords, and deactivate his or her Facebook account, which is what I'd advise anyone who was subjected to this.\r\n	While I don't like the deception angle, I understand its necessity in structuring the study. Since the participant would have given consent as part of accepting the HIT, and since the security risks do not actually exist, this would not entail more than anxiety for the participant.
A11N8D0L560PVJ	34FNN24DCMA2KPGV11TSQ66TOJQY5B	NoAdvertising	502	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		By picking and choosing comments they are attempting to control the situation which changes the end result.  The researchers cannot control the flow of positive or negative results or they will possibly skew the results.	See above.	University passwords are confidential as student information and should not be able to be shared with anyone other than IT in the event that a new password needs to be initiated.		This crosses the line by actually infecting someone's computer.  I would not feel confident in others' being able to control the behavior of hackers.		I understand why an amount of deception is necessary in this case.  As long as no information is vulnerable during the process then I would not have a problem with it.		
A11O0X8GJ6HZ2K	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA4UWFL7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	782	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Eventually the participants need to be notified that they were a part of an experiment. 			The researchers need to make sure the passwords are secure and not keep them on file after the experiment.			It doesn't seem like there would be any risks to the experiment. 			
A11O61YRP03RL2	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RY87TFF	Twitter	552	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A11WSO7BHGJ5CT	3I2PTA7R3TVWT6ACHEG4F9M9MVUKQV	WithoutImprovingProduct	300	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It's unethical. No debriefing.					Because they believe they are purchasing something and won't be told otherwise.				
A11YNESHQDTGKQ	3K2755HG5S4ROBETBHJNZXN5VU3DFG	NoAdvertising	265	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A120TOLQ1KGPLQ	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBK6364	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	213	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A1219SY7CR1UWP	3PM8NZGV8YH2D69JGXVT53UBI46XQU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	13584	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A122MCXOC27LW7	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBY5809N	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1239	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It's interesting and not hurting anyone.	It's interesting, but I am concerned with missing posts.  It's something that probably shouldn't be messed with.	It's interesting and not hurting anyone.	It's interesting enough, and not at all harmful.	It's interesting and not hurting anyone.	Doesn't matter if it's someone I care about.	Doesn't matter if it's someone I care about.	Doesn't matter if it's someone I care about.	It just doesn't make a difference if it's someone I care about because its only an experiment.	Doesn't matter if it's someone I care about.
A122MZOQT9A8XL	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4ENWTHP	NoAdvertising	673	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		Only if people know they are participating in an experiment		Only if they use people who are ready taking surveys						
A124D6QW6I80H6	3U5NZHP4LR3KR48PBGYI2CG7PIKHPD	UnnamedCompany	1123	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	The researchers aren't informing their participants that they are a part of the experiment or that the store isn't working. This seems unethical to me.	As long as the participants are aware that they're a part of an experiment, I don't see any problems with this.	The researchers seem to be doing everything ethically.	I'm not sure if this experiment is ethical or not. I can't decide if they should be allowed to see students' passwords or not.	I don't think that this experiment would cause any harm, and the participants are shown the true purpose of the study afterward. This seems to be an ethical experiment.	They haven't given their consent to be a part of the experiment.	There don't seem to be any problems w	This study seems very useful and doesn't have much potential to harm the participants.	I wouldn't want their privacy to be violated. The researchers would be viewing their Facebook profiles and would even have access to their passwords.	This experiment doesn't seem harmful or unethical.
A124NJNCAG5E6E	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9AB8TZ6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1231	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	Because they are allowing their computer to be infected, there is a chance that the botnet software placed on their computer could steal participants' data, which would them jeopardize the sanitized spam of the experiment. In addition, some spammers advertise using porn and that is sent out to every email address, so therefore the researchers could unwittingly send porn links to children. The risk involved in executing this project is very great.	This study has very little scientific merit, if any. And it is being conducted by a for-profit company, not an institution with a research arm that will benefit the community as a whole. This is just another ploy cooked up by facebook to learn how to better market to its users. This study is an awful idea.	This experiment does not involve such obvious risks as the other two about phishing and spamming. I think people do not consider this risk quite as much as the others. It is important to gain this insight to help the community overall. They will have to be careful in that every website logs things, and there will have to be a method in place of securely scrubbing the passwords, lest the researchers get hacked themselves and inadvertently leak the information.	It is one thing to send an email to see if people go to the fake site and enter their password. It is quite another to peruse all of their facebook profiles for the specific purpose of targeting them. That is mean and completely unethical.	I think the study is sound as given by the answers above, but I don't know who the computer security researchers are and who they are with. Maybe if I knew who they were representing, it might make or break the determination.	This data will not impact the person financially or physically and should be allowed to be carried out.	This is facebook just cooking up another scheme to market better and improve their share price.	It is important that people see how prevalent this is as people may be currently unaware. I would want those I care about to be better informed and more well protected.	They should know better than to open phishing links, so if they participate it is on their own head.	It would be be helpful to the community to be able to know what security warnings are effective. The people I care about should learn better what real and fake security threats look like.
A1276OAJ04HURQ	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3ITDKB	UnnamedCompany	1888	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Spam might be a problem for some users and not a problem for other users. It depends on how careful the users are about using their emails.	I believe that it is hard to judge the moods of social media users based on the postings. Plus this experiment is selectively hiding some of the friends' posts which feels like deception.	Researchers could use this information to help people avoid being hacking victims. Security is an important issue these days and the more educated people are the better.	Phishing attacks are tricky to spot and can prey on people who are not careful. Researchers can use the information collected to help people learn more about phishing and detect it in the future.	Researchers will gain valuable information about how to present security warnings. They can use this information to make effective warnings that help people avoid real security risks.	This does not seem to provide much benefit to the person I care about.	This experiment seems to provide no real benefit to the person I care about.	It is good for the person I care about to be exposed to hacking techniques that might happen in real life. They can be wiser about how hackers try to trick them.	This will teach the person I care about to be careful about opening emails and entering passwords.	It would be good practice for the person I care about to face a security warning. They will know how to react if they see it again in real life.
A128BUMKWWS54Z	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GL9VG8J	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	290	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		I believe Facebook has already done something like this.	Since passwords are not actually being collected I think this would be OK to do.	Falsely acquiring credentials is dangerous territory.	Because there is no real security threat I don't see this as being an issue.					
A12APPXPFNBZHS	392CY0QWG1SYY6XQJEOFZQ6RY3KI45	NoAdvertising	944	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	Many ethical problems here, including not telling users what they got involved in even after the fact.	See answer above.	If performed ethically as described, then this could be OK.  I liken it to how cops catch child molesters in online forums but with a more broad mission that has benefits for many.	This is wrong on so many levels - from tapping into users' Facebook accounts to impersonating friends to sending phishing messages to collecting and using passwords.  There's very little benefit for all the ethically wrong concepts.	This kind of research happens all the time - and should.	No valid reason for this to occur.  There's not a good reason to validate effectiveness of spam.	Excluding entries from news feeds is not ethical, especially without telling users ahead of time.	Wouldn't want someone I cared about to get caught up in this, but it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.	I wouldn't wish this on anyone.	This is a valid deception that will be fully explained upon completion of the experiment.
A12BKSOTQGVTRU	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ53GO70O	NoAdvertising	1238	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	they should proceed, but make sure that all the information remains anonymous.	It's unethical and there is no substantial contribution to the world from this research.	they need to do the experiment to show us what we can do to not fall in the hands of hackers.	they should be allowed because they are doing research that will benefit people.	The research will actually provide better security warnings and that can save people from damaging their computers and software.	i think that it would not affect the person.	I see no real reason why this would be done, It's messing with peoples feeds and potentially their emotions	As it would show the person what they did wrong and maybe next time that an actual hacker tries to steal their information they won't fall for it.	It would help them by teaching them how not to fall victim to these attacks	they would contribute to better security warnings
A12C5P89J0S4EP	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155NPG3D	WithoutImprovingProduct	5168	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent							Experiments like this are fun and interesting.		I don't think it's fair to do the experiment without willing participants 	It makes sense and I can see why they would do it. I wouldn't mind if someone I cared about was a participant.
A12CK2PS96Q3OR	3R08VXYT7CWDIOZEATQ13TZ94CQW7K	Control	1067	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	Is spam illegal?  If it were, then they shouldn't proceed. If it's not illegal, then I don't see what the difference is between "allowing" a research computer to spam (indirectly) and setting up a spam/online sales room that directly measures.  If recording # of attempts to purchase is the measure, then that could be done on their own spam too.	see above	the person hacked would have gained a valuable life lesson re. computers	see above	yes, as it would produce a more effective security warning system	Wouldn't want any loved one to get caught up in any form of spam, whether for research or not. The ones mostly like to do so would be the computer "naïve" ones like older parents or really young ones (teens)	it's not Fb's role to "protect he moods of psychologically-vulnerable users" to this extent		If they were a student in the university, then I have no objection with the caveat that each student is informed afterward, and passwords are changed. It would be done within a closed system with accountability and a way to inform.	I am getting creeped out as in beginning to wonder if somehow I am part of a computer security experiment in addition to taking a survey on MTurk??????
A12DSM5J7Q9S4Z	3JJVG1YBEBY67HNKR9F8IV8S36K5B7	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	379	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A12EQIULBHM4HJ	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VD5HKD	NoAdvertising	476	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A12F04QMP1PYY9	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ1VGLMS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	4094	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	bad science	Not with out consent.	Don't temp the researchers with real info.	bad science. Just tell  people to guess which of two options is a phishing attack. No need to be covert at all.	As long as they explain it was all fake afterwards.	Dangerous to mess with this stuff and not very science like.	No consent has been given to do this.	This is immoral but also adds real risk to the victims. A HIT using fake passwords is fine (Ones made up for the HIT)	hacking or phishing for science is still wrong.	It is all explained afterwards so it is ok.
A12KWFVRB1C67A	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYOUH4W	NoAdvertising	855	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no		I think they should be allowed but only with Facebook members they have approached and given the option to opt-in to a study like that.		As I said above, it's unethical and dangerous.	I would want to know what they are doing with people's financial information that is being used to purchase things, is this webpage encrypted?		I believe that within reason it is a decent experiment, thought it does raise questions about content and consent.		Its dangerous and the morality is not questionable but wrong. What happens if one of the researchers is not an ethical person and uses those passwords and other gathered information?	I would prefer it not, that's all.
A12MPTF7WBVAFZ	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICJDNRU	NoAdvertising	583	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A12N488WIO2Q8Y	3L0KT67Y8EH3QRE6DX60JHGL2YSYSX	UnnamedCompany	193	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	yes										seems safe enough
A12QNNTNQOEQJG	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58GMN1R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A12QWJWX1HV06F	3K5TEWLKGVCXSJG53AP28G64BL6IV2	InsertPosts	708	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	LIKE I SAID I DONT REALLY UNDERSTAND THIS SCENERIO	AS LONG AS NO LAWS ARE BROKEN	I THINK THIS IS A GOOD IDEA AS LONG AS PEOPLE ARE NOT AT RISK	I THINK THIS IS A GOOD IDEA	AS LONG AS NOT LAWS ARE BROKEN	I REALLY DONT UNDERSTAND THIS SCENERIO	I DONT SEE WHY NOT	I THINK THIS IS A GOOD WAY TO BEAT THE BAD GUYS	THINK THIS IS A GOOD IDEA	I DONT SEE A REASON NOT TOO
A12XT3G04ABBNA	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9RG0KX	NoAdvertising	1244	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Research involving unknowing participants is unethical. 			It seems unethical not to divulge. 	No, I feel it's unethical. 	I wouldn't want anyone I care about to be a research lab rat unless they consented  .	This still seems a bit unethical, but people using Facebook who are unaware that their data is being outsourced for such purposes are naive and dare I say deserving.	HIT or no HIT, passwords being divulged could create situations where security is compromised.	Tricking someone to obtain research data is unethical. This information could be obtained in a controlled study where the subjects were made aware in advance with a long enough timeline. Human nature would accomplish the anonymity over time without being unethical. The best example I can think of off the top of my head would be a show like Big Brother where participants become comfortable around the cameras and eventually revert back to their normal behavior while at the same time knowing fully well that their every move is being recorded. 	Again, you're using a deceptive tactic to obtain your data and that seems unethical. 
A12YV7QM8ZAE41	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z60YV55	InsertPosts	625	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no		Facebook is a for profit company and should not conduct experiments on its users without prior consent.		Its useful research and isn't harmful to the person. 	Presenting a fake threat may shy people away from using mechanical turk if they never see that it was fake.		At no time is the user notified of their participation.		Its useful research and isn't harmful to the person. 	Presenting a fake threat may shy people away from using mechanical turk if they never see that it was fake.
A12ZB13IA3SB6U	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2B4JP2	WithoutImprovingProduct	528	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	I thought part of the ethics of doing experiments was that the person must be fully aware of what is going on.			As long as they notify everyone afterwards what happened.  		They wouldn't know.	This is a bit creepy	To make them aware	Since afterwards people are told, I would want people I know included to make them more aware of how these things actually work	
A130UW3VJCW7A0	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZD73WV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	9385	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A133EJY53RCKTG	3ERET4BTVMAQ17TQ0C5ITEWKCYTK9I	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	830	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	To help us become wiser.	So that it don't happen.	To help them learn and also to help others to safeguard themselves. 	So they can learn and help us to prevent this in the future. 	To help us understand. 	It will show how the hackers work.	To help us understand. 	Hacking is wrong.	To help us how vulnerable we are.	So we can learn from our mistakes. 
A1378TVZLWPT2Z	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3G3WCYN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1472	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes			makes since		no harm is caused and I agree that if people knew the real reason of the test there answers will change			its harmless		
A137M3BE46EV5L	33TIN5LC04BLLCI74R692MBVAEE9YG	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	185	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A138BU1VWM2RKN	3ON104KXQKXGZ1HV8VSU0HFZDMNW4B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	3557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	The researchers must in my opinion find a way to obtain the consent of its participants prior to proceeding with this experiment.	See above.	See above.	The researchers must in my opinion find a way to obtain the consent of its participants prior to proceeding with this experiment.	See above.	I believe it is unethical to conduct any study without the consent of the participants of the study.	First, I believe it is unethical to conduct any study without the consent of its participants.  Second, this experiment involves gross manipulation of and intrusion into the personal and public lives of human beings.  It also involves misrepresentation of the emotions of human beings publicly, which could pose grave and far-reaching consequences in terms of disrupting or influencing the interpersonal relationships and public perceptions of human beings.  Finally, the outcome of this experiment, which is to allow Facebook to produce features that "might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users" is ridiculous to begin with.	The participants have consented to complete a HIT of some sort and therefore have necessarily consented to complete work for purposes of which they might be unaware or uncertain.	I believe it is unethical to conduct any study without the consent of its participants.  	In this case participants have consented to complete a HIT of some sort.  The nature of HITs in many cases requires at least some degree of lack of awareness or knowledge on the part of the worker with regard to the purposes of the work involved.  As such, participants who consent to complete any HIT necessarily consent to complete work for purposes of which they may be unaware or uncertain.  
A13A1UM4M58B9N	3M68NM076H8P6S4NSPB3AGRWHZ0R6C	Control	263	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A13CR543YJ2N9I	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOY2WS79	UnnamedCompany	683	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes			I see no harm so long as the passwords are not recorded.	Should not bring unsuspecting friends into studies in my opinion.					I'd prefer to leave unsuspecting friends out of the studies i sign up for.	Not too worried about risks.
A13DD9WSQZ2D2M	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR0HJ2I	UnnamedCompany	299	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Spammers could probably find a way around researcher safeguards with relative ease and endanger computers.	It seems to be a solid sociological experiment.	It seems beneficial.	There would seem to need to be more safeguards in place with real passwords and no consent on the part of the individual.	It's ethical and helpful.	Even with researcher control, letting spammers in is not a good idea.	No harm done and it seems interesting.	They could learn from any mistakes they might make.	This seems like it's a tad too invasive.	Learning experience.
A13DWRTHT9YIGS	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BVVPNY	NoAdvertising	600	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Sensitive information is collected in a likely illegal way.	It doesn't seem bad except for how they determine a post is good or bad; are they screened by people or an algorithm?	They would have to be very convincing that the passwords were not stored in any way.	It seems very unethical with the deception and impersonation of real people and likely to be breaking some laws or university policies of some sort.	It seems like a harmless deception for gaining useful knowledge.	This is highly manipulative and could collect very sensitive information.	It doesn't seem that bad.		That would be up to them.	They can if they want to.
A13EW0NBRI547E	3FQ5JJ512LPBQ9XK1MONBFR4HT9KNS	NoAdvertising	443	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no						Again, If I am not informed beforehand, I do not believe it is right.	I do not believe anyone should be allowed to TAMPER with someone's newsfeed, in the name of research or not.			I do not care if participants are informed AFTER THE FACT.  Although researchers "claim" that the participants must not be knowing in the beginning, I do not think that is right.  Either tell me in the beginning, or don't do the research!  Don't tell me that the research will be tainted if I know before hand.  It is my RIGHT to know beforehand.
A13LPRHZQRW0G7	3UN61F00HWQTNO49N61YIADWLR75R2	InsertPosts	460	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A13MUBLVPLKXPZ	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUD87BJ	Control	517	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	only if it has helpful benefits.	If it can have helpful benefits. otherwise it is just an invasion of privacy.	Yes to educate people of how easily they can be hacked and give some preventative measures.	too invasive	getting too much information	Hopefully people do not respond to spam	If that friend thought it might benefit them then I would say go for it. I personally would not want research on my personal page.	It would be nice to open peoples eyes to how easily they can be hacked.	too invasive	people should be up to date on security measures.
A13MXQ1KC1J9QL	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1MVV2EW	Twitter	530	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A13P6LC1SFXYGS	3JCG6DTRV3RI4987UJ01BVYIL2EQQN	WithoutImprovingProduct	1452	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Spamming is a grey area. If its just an email solicitation to purchase a product, then it's completely legal. If spyware or viruses are being spread, then not so much. If the researchers are hacking a spammer and a legitimate site trying to sell a product, and disabling their site, that is highly illegal and unethical.	It violates civil rights. A usage agreement signed with facebook is null and void if it violates the rights of the users.	If they do, I hope they are prosecuted.	Come on. Hack and phish their own students, pretending to be people that the students know? Again, without prior consent.	They aren't actually causing a security risk. I understand some deception is often necessary in experiments.  		I would be a part of that experiment if they manipulated my posts, and I never gave consent. Its unethical, and violates the Bill of Rights, to do any kind of experiments on people without their consent. If it was important that they don't know what the purpose of the experiment is then they need to design the experiment so that it wouldn't be marred by the participants knowing about it.	That also violates several anti-hacking and ethics laws. You can't violate peoples rights for a little tidbit of information.		
A13P7QQDWVU76V	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7G9LGKY	Twitter	215	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A13PP95I89HW09	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBF736V	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1728	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The end goal is a good one. However, by not informing the "customers" about the study, it may cause the "customers" stress when they don't receive what they thought they purchased. The researchers should inform the customers once they are finished with the study.	This one is actually messing with a person's emotions, which is unethical. There's also no societal benefit to this one like there was for the phishing and security warning studies.	Like most of the other studies presented, this one has a positive goal. As long as participants are debriefed and no actual passwords are collected, I think it's fine.	At first, I would have said, "no," but after I thought about it for a moment, I changed my mind. While I still have ethical questions about the deception involved, I think the end result (helping people avoid phishing attacks) is worthwhile.	It's worthwhile (though I know I'd back out of the study when presented with a security warning, so I wonder how much data the researchers would actually get).				I generally don't like to make decisions for other people (even those I care about). 	Once again, I don't make decisions for other people. While I might hesitate about participating myself, the person I cared about might be fine with it.
A13PRLTJB7E3WA	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C2H05A	InsertPosts	483	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes		Because it will prove how much facebook really does affect people lives.	I don't think this is a trustworthy experiment. Although it's just testing out hackers strategies ornwhatever passwords will still be seen so this is illegal.	No because it will invade someones privacy and spam others u which I think is wrong.						
A13QO4ZHN8S3XB	3II4UPYCOJ8OF042PXUHBWRJ2VEQDN	NoAdvertising	300	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes						Breach of privacy, who knows what could be seen...				
A13RG8GSULXWZZ	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEP5XCP	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	396	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A13T61GJTR2Y9B	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9JG8SK	NoAdvertising	599	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes		I believe it is highly unethical to manipulate someone's private facebook feed for purposes of a psychological study.							I think it would be a shock if they fell for it and would do them good to learn about how important privacy is.	
A13V5VK2KVLTBC	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOK04YB	WithoutImprovingProduct	826	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	It seems like researchers are illegally hacking.	Researchers are going into people's accounts and messing with their content without their knowledge.		Researchers are looking up personal information about their participants without their consent.			This seems unethical	By being part of this experiment, they will understand how easy it is to fool someone into providing a criminal personal information about oneself. 	This seems unethical.	
A13V6ZYVF3A7EW	3QBD8R3Z21K8US8TH91KJN2DAB44O5	NoAdvertising	676	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no			It only makes sense that they do. People need to be aware of this.	There ought to be a resolution.		Because it would shed some like on something people are not even aware of.	There is no purpose of this.	Yes, because especially if the state the purpose afterwards, it would be of benefit and build awareness.	Thats scary!	
A13VCOMTXGM8OJ	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594K4NF8V	UnnamedCompany	1218	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	The experiment is intrusive and besides, the effectiveness of spam is irrelevant to determining technical or policy approaches of preventing spam.	Unethical if participants are not informed of the experiment and given a chance to accept or refuse participation.	Participants chose to perform a HIT and there is no risk to them.	The experiment is intrusive and the success rate of phishing attempts has no relevance to information about how to identify one.	There don't seem to be any risks to the participants	I wouldn't want them to receive more spam	They could be emotionally harmed by the result.	They would learn to protect themselves better online.		
A13W1FPU469G63	3ATTHHXXWAPPW8L03PQKW13PR62XIS	NoAdvertising	1456	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It is very necessary to protect people online and since the users will be redirected it will not affect them negatively.	I view it as invading one's privacy even though people give up some degree of privacy when being part of a social network in the first place. I also don't think it is Facebook's responsibility to the protect their users' moods. If the experiment is done, I believe users should be made aware first and given the choice to participate.	It will help to protect online users, especially newer or inexperienced users and does not pose any real threats to the participants.	It is necessary to help protect users' information but I believe some users would feel violated and may direct their dissatisfaction at the university.	It would be beneficial and there are no real security risks.	I would not mind them being included as it will benefit the online community as a whole and won't affect them negatively in any way.	It seems like it is invading one's privacy to me.	It will be beneficial to everyone and poses no real threat to anyone so I would not mind.	It seems borderline invading privacy though poses no threat so it would be up to that person.	There does not seem to be any serious risk to them from being a part of this experiment that I would not want them to be included so it would not matter to me either way if they were.
A13W8W81TPORYZ	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICTYA7Y	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	688	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Spammers aren't to be trusted, they can still collect personal details.	It doesn't make anything up, scam people, or harm them. 	Users have passwords for various accounts. The researchers now have a responsibility to destroy the password evidence and secure their own systems.	The researchers shouldn't use the personal passwords to get into the student's facebooks. 	It's good that they are keeping it anonymous.	I wouldn't want a person I cared about dealing with a spammer because they could easily take their personal information and the researchers wouldn't know because they aren't experts at computer science.	It doesn't really matter what shows on a person's newsfeed.	I wouldn't want their passwords taken by the researchers.	Facebook passwords could be used for personal emails as well, it's not a good idea to share this with anyone.	I wouldn't want them to think they were facing a security risk. 
A13WNDD88YXOJ	38F5OAUN5NDVLY4PFU412QPMPTE7H6	WithoutImprovingProduct	269	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
A13XNKKN2LI6DF	3ZR9AIQJUBANRBGAFOZ9TM6VC6440R	NoAdvertising	314	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent		I don't think it's right to play with someone's emotions like this.								
A13YWRREYORM4K	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z1089LO	UnnamedCompany	777	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Please see above	Only if the candidate had signed up to be in some type of study, even if they did not know the content.	Again, not that the participants have to know the content of the study, their participation should be voluntary.	I don't believe it is fair to include someone in an experiment unless they volunteer as a subject. Not that they would have to know what the content of the study was, but their participation should at least be voluntary.		Absolutely not, no explanation should be needed. That is insane.				
A141WVQVF6KRSJ	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7SC9RT	UnnamedCompany	603	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	I just don't think there are very many benefits to this experiment and a lot could go wrong.	Yes, I do think they should be allowed to proceed because there don't seem to be any real risks.	Yes, because the answers will be helpful but care needs to be taken so that no one's information is jeopardized.	Yes, I believe they should be allowed to proceed but with caution because a lot of information could potentially be taken and it could cause a lot of damage.	Yes, I believe they should be allowed to proceed because no one is at risk and neither is their information.	No, I think there is too much that could go wrong with the experiment.	Yes, there does not seem to be any risk to anyone involved.	Yes, because their passwords would not be stolen.	Yes, I would want that person to be included because even though the experiment is a bit risky, the benefits seem to outweigh the risk.	I would want someone I know to be included because there are no risks involved.
A142ZRU284W9O	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXG9R9ZI	Control	233	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Depends if the compensation is enough to make it worthwhile.	They're a private company so they can do whatever they want within their own terms of service.				I don't want them to get a computer virus.				
A1433R46IE0LRD	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTP6ZUU	Twitter	4347	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It could reveal that spam is an ineffective marketing tactic, resulting in lowered spam			It seems to be an invasion of privacy to access the students' accounts.	Depending on how they measure how users react to the warnings		It would be quite manipulative.			
A1452QBFY1EEAK	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WDUGEL	UnnamedCompany	590	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A147OD7J2IK8LU	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGKD76U	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1968	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	While the information would be beneficial to gain, I question the ability of the researchers to maintain control of the environment and risk factors involved.  The level of risk to the participants is too great.					My wife has been the victim of identity theft and the experience was emotionally taxing on her.				
A149MN8UN8O976	3SLE99ER0NE4EV79YXMO7ZFN44ZZBD	Control	579	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	The research is worthwhile and participants will not be harmed (whereas if the spam site were real they would be)	The researchers should utilize an "opt-in" feature, with participants who elect to opt-in to the research receiving some incentive to do so.	Since no one would be harmed and the research yielded would be valuable.	Yes, for the same reasons above.	Yes, for the same reasons above.	Even though it would pain me to see someone I cared about (like my grandmother, for example) duped by scammers, at least it would be in the context of a "safe" spam site and in the pursuit of knowledge that would help develop anti-spam measures in the future.	As far as I can tell from the description, there is no real benefit to any of the candidates for participation.  Candidates should be compensated in some way if their data is going to be used by facebook to develop new features.	Despite the initial necessary deception involved, no harm would be done and the end goal is very worthwhile.	No harm would be done and the research yielded would be worthwhile.	Because no harm would be done and the research yielded would be worthwhile
A149ROBL26JWPJ	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUBY7B5	WithoutPublication	652	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Subjects should be informed and debriefed so their future computing actions are not affected.			People would have to be carefully informed and debriefed.	People should be carefully informed and debriefed at the appropriate times.	It seems like a fairly interesting study to me.	It seems kind of interesting, albeit sort of useless.		It seems rather interesting.	It seem pretty interesting to me.
A14BVED75ZFI4O	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEHRZ0I2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	358	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A14CB9NBMO0T3M	3MH9DQ757WDJJDLA8WFURIR5I3DGUV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	887	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It's a great idea but the possibility of the experiment itself being hacked makes those who participate vulnerable.	It doesn't have a long term negative consequence. I think participabts should be told after though	It is a good idea but if their own information is hacked then that would leave those they were using vulnerable.	The possibility of misuse is there so precautions should be taken	Seems like a positive thing	I think it should be random and not based on who I care about.	It could help them see better how they may have a bias	I think it should be random and not based on caring. It does concern me that the information could end up in the wrong hands but this is much better than real targeted attacks	It seems like a good thing to show people so I wouldn't be concerned.	It seems like a good study and I don't think anyone I know would be negatively affected.
A14CPWFT35LU12	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3AW51X2	Control	222	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes								It sounds sketchy.		
A14CUGHBDKYY8H	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIO3TEJ1	Twitter	792	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	I wonder if the results from this research could be used to make spam email even worse than it already is									
A14D0L3FOHHNY8	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMW84Z8O	WithoutImprovingProduct	471	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no										
A14DGM4RT0FRUQ	30H4UDGLT2J6JI902DEVUHO365YMP8	Twitter	2078	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A14G74OGU7ADCS	304SM51WA357DJLV35SGB6IKHS8SBG	Twitter	1504	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	To be honest a lot of people know where to go to purchase what they need over the internet. With commercials and word of mouth there are a lot of different stores people can go to. I don't think in this day and age of hackers that anyone would purchase something from a pop up screen from a computer that is noy even theirs. 		To make people more aware of the dangers that are on the internet.	With a very aware eye yes cause these is information that needs to be know.	Unless you are working for the government the average end user doesn't need to know about computer security. 	To be honest a lot of people know where to go to purchase what they need over the internet. With commercials and word of mouth there are a lot of different stores people can go to. I don't think in this day and age of hackers that anyone would purchase something from a pop up screen from a computer that is noy even theirs. 		To show them how to be smart over the internet	The Study would show how much people would fall from such an attack so that we can educate people on how and what to look for.	It is not as important to me as the first one was. You just want to see how people react to a security warning.
A14H1GFX4XY08K	3L2IS5HSFAJPT52WV0SPH202JKAUN2	WithoutImprovingProduct	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no										
A14I6WH9GOEWAY	3ZAK8W07I4FM89APUUQR6Q4PBJ90UR	Twitter	347	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			It seems like all the bases are covered. If there are no passwords actually been saved or stolen, but I feel like participants would need a lot of reassurance of this fact. 							
A14IR7TO5YHC6J	3S0TNUHWKTJI9W4633DHP56J8G0D8P	NoAdvertising	1481	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	I'm concerned with how infecting one computer results in spam going to multiple e-mail addresses.  Most people use web mail.  Is this one infected machine causing multiple web mail accounts to be infected?  Also, I'm concerned with the participants believing they have purchased things when they haven't.  This could cause the participants harm when the purchased item doesn't ever arrive.	It depends.  Do the participants know this is being done to them?  The description doesn't say.  If they are telling people what the experiment will do then sure they should be allowed.  Otherwise, no, they should not.	Not enough information is given to decide.	No. Not unless they also get permission from the facebook friend who supposedly sent the phishing e-mail.  I have no other objections.	I don't know enough about the "false warning" to decide.  If I got a security warning on my computer there is a good chance I would try to do something about it.  Doing that when there is no real problem could harm my computer.	Will this allow that person's e-mail to become infected?  I don't understand how they will infect only one computer yet the result will be spam in the e-mail of multiple users.  I also have a problem with people believing they have bought something when they really haven't.  What if they have a genuine need for the item "purchased"?  This could cause harm to the participant.	They will miss out on news from their friends.  Possibly they will miss out on info I want them to know.	I don't know enough about what the researchers will do to agree.  I need more information.	Not unless the researchers also get permission from the "friend" on facebook.  Otherwise their experiment could harm the relationship between the two people in the time between the phishing e-mail is sent and it's revealed to the participant that it was part of an experiment.	The false warning could cause the participant to take real action that would be harmful to his/her computer.
A14JTV2IB56C14	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKD2P5L	NoAdvertising	1921	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent							If the results were to remain anonymous, I wouldn't care either way		Too much impersonation	
A14NPQJGNAS03F	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII0D3FJX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	668	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	Just do a survey like this. Its false advertising.	Facebook is a personal page to express ones life		If they fully explain things to the participants and use it as a warning tool	It's misleading	I don't agree with it.	That would make them seem like complainers to their friends	So people think twice about divulging passwords	Because they should be warned not to open such messages	They may panic and believe something is wrong
A14NUNJVFHA4TO	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKDJQYI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	412	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	Allowing someone to have root access to your machine that you don't personally know is never a good idea.							I think it could be a good educational experience for them.		
A14PDOZ4XSHTX1	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYNAECL	NoAdvertising	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	It is their computer their risk	Its already know that positive breeds positive.	We already know some people fall for this in the real world. What is the point of measuring it?			Spam mail sucks	I dont use Facebook anymore			
A14PMN35FK9SOD	3JJVG1YBEBY67HNKR9F8IV8S37V5BK	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	793	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	Maybe this could help to get rid of spammers	invasion of privacy	One of the researchers might use the information for their own personal gain.	I don't think the information obtained would be beneficial to anyone except people who would profit from it somehow.	I would like to see this helping with internet security.	I would not want their private purchasing seen by others.	It is none of anyone's business what is on anyone's facebook page if you are not invited	People are not to be trusted even if they say are doing it for research.	I don't think this a legitimate research. There is no reason to do this.	This would be good information to have
A14RER0RE0QFRH	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GL8N8G1	Control	774	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	Seems intrusive. I still would like participants to know at least at the end of the survey when results are gathered to prevent further cases of spam. 					I'd eventually want them to know that they were in fact using spam but I'm okay with a close person becoming a participant. 	Do use Facebook. Extremely intrusive with data. 	Passwords are extremely confidential.		Hopefully study can help people to take better steps when presented with warning. 
A14SNQOYGXPZ7K	3NS0A6KXC4905CFKEJE28A6KKH4GZO	Twitter	1802	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	This experiment doesn't look harmful to normal users.		Sooner or later, hackers will present themselves as researchers and use the same trick to steal user passwords.			I would prefer someone I don't know, to take part in such experiments.		What surety do you have that these people are genuine researchers?		
A14VY6QXKBLC0D	34J10VATJFZ5NBKOHBVS2T7WURVIQ8	Twitter	681	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent	I believe that the researchers should notify participants of the project after their participation is complete (i.e. provide full disclosure after the person visits the web store)	Social media's purpose is free expression, and this experiment would limit that	I feel that, with the disclosure after the experiment, this is useful and ethical	The researchers must be sure that no data breaches occur in their gathering/verification of passwords.  Also, disclosure must be credible and prompt after the experiment.	I see no ethical issues or negative consequences to this research	While I think the deception does have some ethical ramifications, I do not see any harm caused by participation.  	I do not believe it is right to alter someone's content that they have written without their knowledge	I believe that this project is beneficial for the researchers, but also provides a learning opportunity about what to be on the lookout for for participants	I believe that this increases knowledge of phishing, thus offering the opportunity to prevent it, while also teaching the participants a lesson on how to avoid being phished.	I see no ethical issues or negative consequences to this research
A14WLAP6TCEKO0	3IAEQB9FMELTZX0O16TN3L95QNUDWV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	534	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	Assuming the researchers are performing this experiment with the rigor and ethical action, I see no reason why they should not proceed.					As long as no sensitive information about the participants are recorded or kept, I see no reason why they should not participate.				
A14WR458IGVH3V	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FNBBZXI	NoAdvertising	814	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	There is no privacy issues and there is no data collected that infringes on the participants. 	I feel there needs to be different method to be utilized to conduct this study. 	I think this study will be useful in helping to protect people from hackers and id theft online. 	They should just devise some other type of phishing email, rather than use the user's friends info. 	I think as long there is no harm done, the study should be acceptable to conduct as long as it is carefully done and explained clearly. 	I see no harm in this. 	I feel it is unethical and invasive to with hold what kind of posts one sees from thier friends. 	I think the results are beneficial and will be for the good of the public. 	I feel umcomfortable with how they will obtain information about friends, I feel this study while, well meaning should reconsider. 	I think the data is useful and the results could be used in a meangingful manner. 
A14WXO5A2E0J75	3Z4XG4ZF48SW729NU3ETJC9BOY58XF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	701	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A150NFHME4R69D	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZB58GCR	InsertPosts	5956	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	I'm saying no, as it is in my opinion that it directly affect the way how people learn.  As you would be if you were not careful in effect re-conditioning a person in-directly by manipulating their environment. 	Again, if your going to do something like- it should be done in a controlled environment, not on a major social media website, where there is melee going on all the time. 	Basically it's not cool to play with people's heads- not when there is a certain level of " Innocent Ignorance" and money involved. With it in the end, backfiring. Again, people and money, not a good mix, and at times can be quite volatile. 	I would hesitantly say yes, but only if the research was done in a controlled environment- with eh participant being told- and allowing them to make that decision.  	I believe that researchers should be allowed to proceed, as the results would be more honest- with not getting tainted results as a result of the respondent, responding the way how they should if no deception was involved. 	Believe it or not, the internet is still a very new and scary place for most people. who again, have a major problem with differentiating, fact from fiction. So I if want someone to actually know the difference between how a site truly properly functions and what links to click on in an email, or not click on... I think that I would be doing a severe disservice to that person by hindering their learning curve on the common practices of properly conducting myself on the internet if I were to allow them to take place in such a study.   		I say know no, as there is deception involved, with you never giving the person a chance to lessen that type of behavior, by first providing adequate training on the proper practices of it.  I  say this as this is economically related- and can adversely affect a person's life.  So your going to want to train/ test them, and then do a controlled study on whether those practices were adhered to or not. 	Sounds like a recipe for chaos to me, and if I actually cared about the person, I would not involve them in that. And again by way of educating them, I would teach them what to look out for when being on the internet/ responding to emails etc...	Sometimes people cannot properly identify the difference between when they are doing something correctly or incorrectly. Especially if, they do not listen to others when others try to correct them.  So conducting an experiment such as this, may help people who fall into that category as it will cause them think and reassess their current security practices, on their own with the end result being that they will realize the error of their ways and make changes. 
A152NHVZYNT1P3	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ13MLME	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	469	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no		I don't see any harm in it either way.								
A155L75ZZ2GVV	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HQ8QCJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	764	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A1560PUBNY4SFQ	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8VHIBR	WithoutImprovingProduct	927	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no			Same as above. 	Yes, but with caution. Like I stated above, the party involved in the research should have to be accountable to someone, and have their work checked out. 	I know that it would be hard to conduct a proper scientific experiment otherwise. 			Even if they said they wouldn't store them, they could still get hold of someone's password. Many times people use the same password for many things. 	Yes. While it seems dangerous, if the party researching is under careful observation, I would be okay with conducting an experiment. This is a hard subject to really get good information on.	I would not want a friend to think their computer was at risk, it is stressful to have computer problems.
A15781PHGW377Y	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4Q3I4K3	NoAdvertising	2759	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	this is an accident waiting to happen. for one, spam is criminal.\r\nwho would accept liability for this experiment? the NSA?	this would be have to be without the users knowledge or with some broad opt in\r\nor more likely you are opted in if you fail to opt out to be effective.\r\nmany privacy statements could already cover such an agreement already!\r\n	results should be presented in such a way that it won't read like an updated hacker 101 ebook. we already know some percentage of users will fall for some trick or will expose their passwords and user names in obvious ways.\r\nposing as a researcher would be an excellent ruse.			I wouldn't want my friend exposed to a virus to see if they could be infected either. not on computer and most definitely not in real life.		they will find enough willing participants, I would save my friend the angst of knowing how gullible they were.	most people have seen these emails and been tempted by them.\r\none coming from a friend or a known company would hit a little too close to home.	different people react differently when they realize the deception.\r\na mock security threat might just be the thing some people need to start to take the security of their data more seriously.
A157MPD27GOA1U	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3G4XCYQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	471	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	We don't need this study, it's stupid, would rather see important research.	Sure, it would be interesting to see the mood of those participating.	Maybe only a few people, but not too many because bad things with real passwords could happen if that info was stolen.	These are people's real accts and the researchers, we don't know what they will do with that info, and it said they would actually login to the accts.	There is no real risk here so sure, I want to see how dumb people are.		I don't care about positive or negative on Facebook so why not?	We don't know the passwords won't be stored or used in any manner, I don't trust it.	I would not want someone giving out their real information to a phishing website for "a study"	There is no real risk, I would love to see if people actually follow the warning or not.
A15C96Z8TZEV6D	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALQQ5CI	WithoutPublication	483	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	It seems like a good start for having more technical ways to stop spam.	I don't really see the point. It seems like a waste of the research team's time.	It doesn't seem as if any good will come of it. They won't be able to tell people how to recognize these attacks.		Improving security warnings is important. This seems like a good way for researchers to find ways to improve them.		It doesn't harm anyone.	Their passwords aren't being stolen-- and to be honest these government hackers could do it regardless.	Once again, what is the point? These researchers won't be able to help victims from falling prey.	Participants aren't exposed to any risks.
A15EZ4T4Q4DYR9	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHRR6AQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	432	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent		I see no reasons why not.  It might be mildly irritating to see so much negativity, but not damaging.	They shouldn't even have users input real passwords.	It seems fairly unethical.	It seems like many participants would just return the HIT with the present security risk.	There seems to be no process for consent.	It doesn't seem dangerous, nor particularly useful.	It seems like a useful, and not dangerous study.	There's no pre-consent.	
A15K0L6NGQXOM0	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRFCTJ6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	12837	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent		No, because if they do this with positive messages, what is to stop them from using negative posts to manipulate people?					I don't think peoples emotions should be manipulated this way.		This is too much of an invasion of privacy for my taste.	I don't see this as too big of a deal, as long as it is laid out in understandable terms at the end of the experiment.
A15PCAZ8WUG7BG	3DZQRBDBSLG2AOHIOCDATNK8T1HS3D	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	681	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A15PHL4MXNUMJ5	3YOH7BII098OYE6T3DAELWLH3XDKVD	Twitter	1774	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This experiment seems capable of providing valuable information with minimal risk for participants. I recognize the privacy concerns that may exist with this study, but I feel potential benefit is worthwhile. 	I understand how this study could be perceived as morally problematic, given that it is effectively an effort to manipulate the emotions of service users. However, the impact of Twitter on mood is bound to be marginal at most, so I sense that the benefits would outweigh the drawbacks. 	This seems like the best possible way to analyze how people respond to common tricks used by hackers, especially if the researchers do not actually store the passwords they collect. 	For one, I find it hard to believe that there might be a real university out there willing to participate in this. I am primarily concerned about the researchers being able to safeguard the password collection they aggregate. There are countless examples of hacking compromising theoretically-secure networks. If the researchers could assure me that they had appropriate safeguards in place to protect the passwords, I would be inclined to approve the study.	Studies like the one described above are conducted all the time. As an MTurk worker, I participate in surveys using this format all the time. Some of the most notable psychological studies ever were conducted in this fashion. I think it is empirically clear at this point that studies using this format can be conducted in a ethical, beneficial manner. 	This experiment seems to confer no particularly harm or benefit, so I wouldn't particularly care if a family member of mine participated. 	Again, this study does not seem harmful or beneficial, at least on statistical average. One imagines that the impact of Twitter on mood, if any, would be very small. 	Again, the risks and benefits to participation seem minimal. I would not care about a loved one participating. 	Again, I think there is little risk or benefit to any of the paricipants, particularly if the collected passwords are disposed of after the study. I wouldn't be bothered by a loved one participating. 	Again, the risks and benefits to participation both appear to be very small. I would ambivalent about a loved one participating. 
A15TTUSP9QMNX5	3N1FSUEFL51HQVH4R0N48TQE6XG4DR	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1180	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	Since there is a lack of communication between the researchers and participants, I would proceed with caution as it might upset some of the unknowing people.	I'm not sure it is wrong or overly deceptive but seems like it could have some negative consequences with the users of facebook.	As long as its done in a very secure environment where there is no chance of the passwords getting into the wrong hands, I think it would be a valuable research project.	I think this is valuable information and would like to see it carried out over a controlled group of people that could handle the consequences of participating in the experiment. 	I don't see any risk other than some deception but since the purpose will be explained at the conclusion I have no issue with the experiment.	I would want this exposed and possibly prevent someone I cared about from making a questionable purchase.	I think this could possible alter someone's mood and I would not want someone I care about to experience that (even if its for a positive mood).	Even though there is no bad motive for trying to collect the passwords, I would still be worried that they could fall into the wrong hands.	I think this could cause distress and future worry to where people would begin to unnecessarily begin to question everything that gets sent to them after the experiment is over. 	I think this may or may not produce valuable results but would not have a problem letting people go through the experiment because it seems secure.
A15URDDVKL570N	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IMW46KA	Twitter	562	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	Accessing spammers' stuff could result in spammers accessing the researcher's stuff.						If they want to be a part of research that is fine, if they don't, that would also be fine with me. No preference.	Voluntary participation.		
A15V7E49Q6C15V	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT9DIYU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	624	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A15VE0YSMOZEEW	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CEWZJW	UnnamedCompany	1204	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	See comment on last question	No harm, but seems of very little real value in terms of the understanding it provides.	Security to ensure the passwords are not used for nefarious purposes is vitally important.	Too much exposure to highly sensitive data, with little concern expressed for security concerns of the study itself.	I don't see any harm. Although, I think most MTurk participants will ditch any HIT where they encounter a security warning of any kind.	The description of the survey is not clear in what will or will not be retained. Specifically, "The researchers will NOT inform users who visit the store to make a purchase that the store has been disabled or that their choice to make a purchase is being recorded" appears to state that that the data will be collected on the purchase (double negative).	It seems silly and of little real value, but I would not be concerned for anyone participating in the survey.	I would not be concerned if they participated, but it would be up to the individual to decide.	Too much exposure on sensitive passwords like bank accounts, and too much room for the data obtained to be used against the participant no matter the security measure in place. 	I would not be concerned if someone I cared about participated, but it would be up to that person to decide.
A15W0YY71Z9XWV	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBHOJ4V	NoAdvertising	413	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A15Y07BOFR7M3P	3GA6AFUKOOPDKF32DI1BP9D6KNHH3S	NoAdvertising	348	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no		Facebook shouldn't control your newsfeed to manipulate you. 		This seems pointless and stupid. The results wouldn't amtter. 			I wouldn't want to do this			It seems useless.
A15YKNI2MBQIJS	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUC7Z5E	UnnamedCompany	486	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	Having impperical data about spam purchases might help educate the population.	I am interested in how the moods of others influence us in a virtual environment.	It is a valuable study, hopefully teaching people what not to do.	People need to learn what not to do on the internet.			It is an interesting experiment.	I would want the people I cared for to learn to better protect themselves.	Phishing is a terrible problem. We needto study it in order to stop it.	Improving the effectiveness of security warnings is something I want people I know to learn about.
A15YTIWZKCPEO8	33F859I566EINA7FSBGH7SBI8J7HB4	UnnamedCompany	609	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A1614EW9OY4IQ0	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSGYQLZZ	NoAdvertising	203	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes								I think it's worth it to learn how you can protect yourself against password hackers. 		
A162C0YNDS1CPK	31N2WW6R9RRT6JCWISDBMO1T4B63FO	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	463	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				People, students especially, need to be aware of these things and the harm they can do. 						
A162NWY3K8UJSQ	3LRLIPTPEQA46Q3VSIJIP974IIYAKE	NoAdvertising	305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A162XXPF5DXJIF	3PJUZCGDJ6H666RPRN8F39NTHWS89C	WithoutPublication	436	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A163J5TEJBO43B	3PJ71Z61R43OV674S2Z0OZ0L3PD19A	WithoutImprovingProduct	2113	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Having inside knowledge of these types of attacks/viruses would give us a greater likelihood of being able to stop them completely.	Researchers should be allowed to proceed with any experiment as long as it doesn't directly hurt somebody on purpose.	It would need to be monitored closely to make sure no passwords were recorded or collected.	It would help to be able to stop the attacks if the general consumer could learn about their nature through the universities experiment.	It shows the participants the benefits and risks of using/not using proper online security.				I would not want them to be phished and have their information taken, even if it was for a legitimate experiment by a recognized university.	It's a safe study and will teach them new and better techniques for handling their online security.
A1647JP5J4VTKQ	3F6KKYWMNB23C3RA952072WEXE8ND2	WithoutImprovingProduct	1455	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				Using facebook as a reference to friends is a little intrusive, but again, a necessary evil in my opinion.		Again, annoying, but for a good reason	It would be mildly annoying for my friend, but wouldn't have any real problem with it.			
A165NT5C5RXGJQ	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJ2GEVQ	InsertPosts	603	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent								don't like the idea of them being asked to type their passwords	would not want them to type their passwords	
A1662KZ3DCOHHJ	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXPAJ38	Control	620	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	The subjects of the experiment are not being given a chance to give informed consent. The study is unethical.	Again, as long as it's conducted ethically, I see no reason not to do so.	It's a valuable thing to research.	There are so many ethical breaches here. So many.			As long as they're adequately informed about the experiment's methods and parameters, it's entirely their choice.	It's entirely their choice. The experiment isn't likely to hurt them, and may make them more aware of security issues via the debriefing.		
A166KQXO5A8MA3	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5QCFOTJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	974	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	no	I mean I hate spam as much as anyone else but I still feel its a violation of rights.	Facebook should just show what we want to see and stop meddling into our personal lives. I mean they are sort of violating privacy measures.	It is violating our rights.	Violation of our privacy rights	Once again this is a violating of our privacy and rights.	If they consent to a study such as this it is there choice.	Why wouldn't I want someone else to take advantage of earning money.	I do not care one way or the other	I wouldn't want anyone to feel the panic that would involve.	This would make me panic and feel like I have messed up and I wouldn't want anyone else to go through that.
A167SYXGXFU7C8	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2AYPJ0	NoAdvertising	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	i do not see any problem					participants will not be identified and will remain anonymous	Participants will not be identified and will remain anonymous			
A169O1XBS7YW69	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68KKYWQ	Control	283	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A16AXQ11SZA8SQ	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0S4SXR	UnnamedCompany	1398	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It's wrong to involve people in scientific studies without their knowledge and permission.	Playing mind games with people is wrong.	I think the researchers should advise the subjects to change their passwords, just in case.  This will also serve to teach the subjects about the dangers of trusting anything anybody does or says on the Internet (which they should have know, but obviously didn't, if they provided their passwords).	There are other ways to teach people how to protect themselves fro phishing or spoof attacks, without tricking them into divulging their passwords.	Warning subjects that their Online behavior (and computer security measures) are inadequate could give them the information they need to browse the Internet more safely.	Even though the researchers aren't actively collecting participants' information, it's impossible to insure that such information is not collected or used for nefarious purposes (especially if the researcher's computer is compromised).	It's wrong to mess with people's minds, especially if you don't warn them, so they can protect themselves against the mind games.	I'm uneasy about researchers collecting passwords, but since the subjects will be told the true purpose of the study after it's complete, the subjects will be able to change their passwords (just in case the researcher database is compromised).	I already know how people fall victim to phishing attacks, and there is already plenty of information out there (including the Help pages of most major websites, like banks, credit cards, and even Amazon.com).	This will teach people to be more careful with their Online activities.
A16BMNWWRFE0IE	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K16N4G	WithoutImprovingProduct	259	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	no				Have to make sure respondents don't get screwed.					Too much risk	
A16EOGUUS47K5O	3X87C8JFV6CUHPNKMNP66VDJ3SOSQ7	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	812	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The results from this experiment would be interesting			They will have to be aware that many people are just going to discontinue the study when presented with that warning screen so they may not get the results they are searching for	I wouldn't want someone I know to have to be in a situation like this even if it was in an experiment.			I think this may be a good experiment to have on a college campus but I don't necessarily feel that a person I cared about would really need to be involved in this. They may benefit if they are involved though.	I feel that taking on that perceived risk would be up to the person in question
A16ESKH6EEZ7L2	3IAEQB9FMELTZX0O16TN3L95QQEWD4	Twitter	353	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A16HTXB0BQ6YBM	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BHK5JV	UnnamedCompany	685	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes		See above				The participants are unaware of of any monitoring...I think they should know if they are participating in a study.	I think it defeats the purpose of having your friends on a social network site. The purpose is to share things, not to exclude post in order to gain data for an outside entity. 	The whole thing sounds iffy. This could be a tactic a hacker would use as opposed to what is stated.		
A16J0T6NRNX5YX	37TD41K0AHAQNOD1H5OBMQO2ZD3CS2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1944	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	I don't think it's a good idea to risk people being possibly scammed. Why not just create something from scratch instead of trying to control something which was actually made by spammers?	I don't think that Facebook should be allowed any control over what people see on their Facebook in general. I have already heard they give priority in your news feed to people who pay them to be put ahead of others.		As long as they are not actually trying to steal people's passwords and they make everything very clear at the end, I can't see anything really negative about this research.	Again, there is nothing weird about the way this survey is being conducted and I don't see anything wrong with it.	It sounds a bit risky and I don't like the idea that spammers actually could be collecting information or even stealing people's money if the researchers messed up when trying to route the subjects to a fake scam site and instead they actually ended up on the real spam site.	I don't like the idea of Facebook doing psychological research on me or anyone I know. I don't trust Facebook at all. Massive corporations should not be studying psychology.		I can't see any negative consequences that could occur from participating in that kind of research so I have no preference whether or not I want them to be included, that's up to them.	I see nothing questionable about the way this study is being conducted at all.
A16J4BMYULRUZ7	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBYXC09B	Twitter	396	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent										
A16KARFDO16CMV	39PAAFCODM1N1XWGXMO6MN8DM1ZTV5	Twitter	755	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	See just how effective spam emails are. It might even prove their ineffectiveness and stop them once and for all.	It would help answer some questions surrounding the effects of social media.	No real harm will be done and it should open up some people's eyes as to the dangers of internet piracy. 	It happens too often at my school. Some tips would be nice so people stop falling for it.	Allow people to see true danger of internet.	No harm will come to them or their bank account	Does not seem like a terrible experiment. No real harm would be done. 		Their information will be safe	No real harm done.
A16LF7BWBBFI6H	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ6U8YK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1110	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	People do not know they are part of the study, have not agreed to be in a study and will not be informed after	The people's post being studied or used have not agreed to be in a study, however this could be considered data that belongs to Facebook so it might be like any other store or internet company using their data or manipulating it to see what happens	They are not taking actual passwords, participants have agreed to be in a study	Not sure because the students didn't agree to the study before it happened to them						
A16M3Z8PFAN9KW	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0FHTP7	NoAdvertising	742	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	I think that the means to obtain data is fraudulent. Participants should at least be informed that they are part of an experiment, though details can be held until the experiment is over.	I think that the data is obtained using fraudulent means. Participants should at least be informed and consent to be part of an experiment.	The researchers has not demonstrated that they can keep the password safe.	Participants should at least be informed and consent to be part of an experiment before it begin.	As long as participants are informed of the risks and consent to be part of an experiment, details and purpose of the experiment can be divulged later.					
A16M5476C64J25	3KB8R4ZV1E84NEC485YZMSZHTI6BG9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	902	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	The design seems to mimic the intended result in a responsible way, since participants are not asked or expected to make an actual purchase.	The description above does not state whether participants are informed of their participation, and thus, may unknowingly encounter ill effects.	Because researchers do not plan to store password data, and also inform participants about predatory techniques, the research seems responsible. Participants will also gain an understanding of ways to protect themselves in the future.	It seems that all parties are given reasonable information about the study, either before or after, permission is requested, participants can learn from their experiences, etc.	At the end of the experiment, researchers should provide participants with an explanation of why their choice of action facing a security risk was either helpful or harmful. This will help them learn about best practices going forward.	Even though researchers may not want to send spam, they would still be sending spam. This would be an annoyance.	There seems to be potential harm to participants.	The design seems responsible given that some participants could become alarmed. However, this study seems to take into consideration participant anxiety.	Phishing is so common, and people I know so commonly respond, that I would like them to learn about the technique so that they do not participate in the future.	This seems like valuable research, and the risk of harm during participation is low.
A16MDZ7O8KL9EC	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0EU2808	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	586	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no		I would be a little skeptical that this experiment could be a platform for some of the other proposed experiments 	I would probably need more information regarding the experiment to decide one way or another. 							
A16NPGA6IGAIL0	3MHW492WW0EJO26WOPNU09DLS4WVML	Twitter	616	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Kind of very invasive 		beneficial for many 	Be cool but teach us better, safer ways. 	Good learning tool for everyone 	I'd like to present the finding to elderly family. Especially if they fell for it. 	The experiment doesn't seem particularly invasive but a little annoying, messing with my tweet feed. 	Test them. Might help them later	Seems a little unfair as it comes from trusted source but probably can't be too cautious these days. 	Again, a beneficial learning tool. Maybe I lesson someone I care about should learn. 
A16P8NCE646Z7T	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0W78I7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	289	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A16QWUZ58QTD5W	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3AVRX1I	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	615	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent				The university is a closed system so maybe the morality of doing research without telling someone you are doing it is ok. I'm not sure. I think it would be better to do it at a large corporation. At a job nothing you do is your own.	If the research was done on a forum such as MTurk rather than an open forum like Facebook. On MTurk people at least know they are being studied.					
A16S0KKQ2MIZHT	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8MZ0P8C	Twitter	252	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes			get a a better understanding of security		get a a better understanding of security			yes so they can get a a better understanding of security		get a a better understanding of security
A16SR2HQIWRFD6	3X87C8JFV6CUHPNKMNP66VDJ3RHSQY	NoAdvertising	2447	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A16TESTJICU76L	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C1L05C	UnnamedCompany	1038	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A16WGLGWXA61PM	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMFFW5MO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	290	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A16WTL2DOIQ5SV	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL63EV49	UnnamedCompany	287	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A16YVNUJMK1RNE	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGO0Z3O	WithoutPublication	9453	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	It will be important not to participate in taking advantage of anyone with the spammers.	I don't see the benefit - facebook doesn't need features to protect vulnerable people. 		Involves using personal information deceptively. 	It's useful research		Subjects aren't consenting to participate in a study. 	It would be a learning experience to find out how easily one is tricked. 	Too much privacy invasion. 	There are no negative effects
A1704AM6KQ202M	37C0GNLMHF4V5ILIAOGJ5RAS2LGD69	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	3304	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		Even though I'm sure users give consent in the TOS, most are probably not aware. I think direct consent for this specific experiment should have to be attained before the experiment takes place.					I would not want my mood to be manipulated by an outside source without my direct consent.			
A170D2YBJA3J5S	3OSWBBLG1EY8OX5EBBP954NCZPBXDJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	526	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no		As long as it is in a controlled environment	Why don't you just deceive the hackers and monitor what they do instead of monitoring the victims?	There is no need for this study. Obviously people would be more likely to fall prey to this if they thought it was from someone they trusted. 	Exposing these reasons will give hackers and criminals important data for deceiving people in the future. 	This would open them up to possible hacking of their computers	I am also curious about the result		possible identity theft	
A171C7B6HHSEGH	3OLF68YTN92TQ4BHR7SL9WFZAHXAFI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	10219	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes			Same as above					Its just an experiment		
A171UMOFDHIO58	3YWRV122CS04QYFSPY36Z5A7UGH8UG	Control	1747	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This doesn't seem ethical. You're essentially infecting people's computers to study them.	I think there are better ways of getting the data they want, something that will lead to a more general and useful conclusion.	Regardless of what you're doing with the information collected, it's not like the demographic information usually collected, which is out there on the net already.	Does not seem ethical. Too many opportunities for something to go wrong.	Procedure unclear, most turkers are okay with being guinea pigs.	They are their own person, it's their choice.	There does not seem to be any harm in doing it, if they want to do it, I have no objections.		What other people do is up to them.	
A172QMH7TMP5FF	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RY8HTFP	WithoutImprovingProduct	1007	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	The researchers are accessing information about buying habits and online behavior without the consent beforehand of the participants. The way in which this information is treated needs to be thoroughly explained beforehand.	I see no reason not to perform the study, although the participants will have to agree to have their facebook streams modified.	The researchers have the ability to collect actual passwords, so the procedure for handling and disposing of these passwords would need to be examined and approved beforehand.	The procedures for the handling and use of the passwords collected would need to be thoroughly examined beforehand, and checks and balances enforced to ensure the safety of the password information.	The deception used is necessary and relatively harmless, apart from the anxiety provoked. The ends justify the means in this case.	The study does not concern me a great deal, although it does result in some inconvenience to the user. I would have no strong opinion.	It seems to be a harmless and relatively unimportant study. I would have no strong opinion on it.	They would learn a great deal about how to protect themselves online by participating in this study, so i would be in favor of them taking part.	It involves the collection and examination of actual passwords. I would rather that someone else provide this data rather  than someone I cared about, as I do not fully trust that the researchers will protect the passwords.	They would learn from the experince and so be better aware of security risks, and it would cause no harm to them
A173LV77LF3SHB	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYPT4HK	WithoutPublication	891	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think they could be sued for hacking someones computer.	I don't care if I don't know the people they want to use.	It could help people to be more careful.	I think it is a violation of privacy laws	They just need to make sure no one hacks them and infects their stuff	It does not seem legal.	I would not like my information accessed through someone elses facebook	I would hope my friends wouldn't fall for this but if they did they would gain a good lesson.	No one should be used without prior knowledge	It sounds like a good idea and sounds legal.
A174SZ1ZDXE01R	3N4BPTXIO8TOLZHTYN09PAJYPGWUK6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	304	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent				n/a					n/a	
A175AT91CE9J73	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVQHIK4	UnnamedCompany	368	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent								I don't trust anyone, especially under the guise of a password research project. 	There is still that possibility one of the researchers would take the information to get the money or get into someone's account 	
A175ZTL2OZO9YU	36V4Q8R5ZK1RJUAF2QTKUMEDB0OQM5	NoAdvertising	889	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	I simply do agree with the way in which it is being conducted.	I do not believe the researchers should be allowed to do this even though it is just research purposes. It is a form of infringement on participants rights by withholding ANY information.	I think that it might be necessary to enable more secure password safety in the future.	I do not think the actions of this particular experiment justifies its conduct toward the participants.	It helps advance technology and no harm is done.	I do not think it is right in any circumstance to allow an infection regardless if it is controlled or not.	I do not think it is right to withhold posts just because they are deemed negative. I feel it is an invasion of user rights toward freedom of speech.	I feel that no real harm is done and it might help further true hacker theft in the future.	I feel this is an invasion of privacy to a high degree.	I really would not care either way. It would be helpful to the researchers and no harm to the person, so either way is preferable.
A177A3SDVUOPLS	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKJLUCF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	922	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	I believe the researchers have found a way to maintain control of the information and keep the targeted people safe.	I feel like facebook already manipulates data to promote what they want users to see, and adding another manipulation isn't the best idea.	I know informed consent is critical in studies, but I'm not sure if it's always the best idea if no harm is being done to the participants.	The study involves infiltrating the subject's social circle and privacy, communicating with the university, and posting the information on a blog. It doesn't feel right.	If the test subjects are aware of a risk, even a false one, it's their responsibility to either opt out or change their habits.	The method the researchers would use would cause no harm to the people receiving the spam. Their information wouldn't be compromised or stolen, so I don't see it as a huge problem.	I don't think there's a huge risk to the participant's mental health in this study.	I know the researchers intend to keep the passwords private, but I feel like informing the participants would leave them feeling more paranoid than if they were unaware.	I think the requirement of having to ask for removal for the blog post is wrong. It should be the other way around where someone opts in to their information being shared, even if it's anonymous.	I think exposing them to different warnings is okay. They are aware of a risk and should act on it accordingly. 
A177A6JVMGZ5AL	3L70J4KAZGNWSKXL01XVLWCEY6XDAU	InsertPosts	402	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			I think studies involving passwords should not be done.	No consent can be given prior.	Consent can be given.			Although consent is given it involves passwords which I think is too much for researchers to ask.	There is no prior consent.	There is consent given even if not for the real purpose for the study is unknown.
A177EXELDLWTWV	34V1S5K3GS2J2S81Y8BHJVR2B3N96G	WithoutImprovingProduct	4285	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	dont know about this one		yes if the proper liability forms are signed			I wouldn't want info getting into the wrong hands		not my concern, everything seems safe		
A177MFU45JREF5	3PXX5PX6LXZ3DNZ1M56PQ6OEVS0BAE	NoAdvertising	511	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Unethical		Not sure if it's ethical.			This is completely unethical, and who is to say the researchers really wouldn't keep that information. Do you think that has never happened? 99 percent safe isn't 100.	It's facebook, the people who own and run it have that information on us anyways. I'm indifferent to that type of experiment.	It's just stressful on someone I care about I feel. I think they can find these things out other ways.	This is all too invasive and stressful. I see a trend.	I don't think it si right to mess with somebody's head and stress them out over having a potential "virus", but it is a necessary evil I suppose to learn more about it. So, I don't care either way.
A177R11G8ZQR8V	3GM6G9ZBKNY4BA27JUNFZRP0V7GTMF	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1238	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Some people may be very upset that this ruse was pulled over on them, so it would be a delicate situation.	See the above. This apparently did happen, and I saw on the news this week that some people are suing facebook for doing it.	Helps to teach people to protect their info, and in turn protect their money, homes, livelihood.	As long as they are only using info that the thieves/hackers would have access to, then I support this 100% (ie, as long as they don't make the emails look like it is from friends or whatever that is info the university has access to, NOT the thieves would have access to).	Again, no real danger is imposed to anyone, so should be allowed to proceed.	People need to learn to recognize spamming/phishing emails to protect themselves and their identities. They would have likely given a thief their credit card number in this process. 	Facebook feeds are a conscious choice by the writer of what to share about their lives, negative OR positive. If my best friend posted about his grandmother being gravely ill, wouldn't last long, and facebook decided not to allow me to see it and I missed my opportunity to say goodbye, I would be beyond ticked off.	Some people do not know enough about computer security to not fall for phishing scams. Anything that could help to teach them what to avoid, especially from someone that wishes them no harm, is a good thing.	Phishing and identify theft are a major issue, and on the rise. Anything that would help to identify/educate people in mistakes that they make online is a useful thing.	Seems there is no danger or harm from being part of the experiment.
A177XBNQ3ZPBBI	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGIA67M	InsertPosts	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			you have to be careful when tricking people or getting access to sensitive information	need to be careful with sensitive info				it would be ok to include or not include as no harm will come to them	there is no harm in being included	
A179OX1482SRXK	37UEWGM5HT9UZ63QMJZMFK0F9KI1RE	NoAdvertising	713	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no	Sending a spam email wouldn't negatively affect the study subjects. However, the researchers need to be careful that these spam emails wouldn't cause participants to associate with any shady businesses that could adversely affect them.	I don't think that researchers should do experimentation without gaining the consent of their subjects.	It is risky to allow these researchers to have access to passwords. They might use them in malicious ways. The experiment seems dangerous.	There is a chance that the experiment could cause emotional distress for the study subjects.	The experiment might end up having beneficial results, but I don't like the deception that's involved in it.	This experiment doesn't seem to have any potential adverse affects, so I'd have no objections.		I wouldn't want a person I cared about to have to worry about the security of his or her passwords.	The experiment is deceptive, and it may cause emotional distress.	I wouldn't want to have the person be put through the stress of thinking something was wrong with his or her computer.
A17BGZHC6346L2	3PB5A5BD0V7HL29EVOMJHQDLARB7GD	Control	347	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A17BJGXL9RNTF2	3GFK2QRXX9IYVKLVM0B459LDD6L5W4	WithoutImprovingProduct	1275	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		i think they need to help make a solution					to help learn more			
A17BMME5C7O6CD	3ZPBJO59KP2B275Z677N2IZIB2SHDG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	540	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	This could compromise the subjects private information.			This is a breach of the subjects confidence and privacy.  There is also a potential breach of privacy if the school provides any confidential info.		This could compromise the subjects private information.		This may be illegal.	This seems too unethical.	I just don't like any of the experiments that these researchers are proposing.
A17CY66WNX67T8	34PGFRQONOC62J0GB2FY6J4IV90JWS	InsertPosts	800	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Again non invasive, non triggering there is no ethical problem with this. 	This is a mood/personality altering study- the participants MUST be made aware of the study prior. 	Candidates will have awareness of the study- and it is non personality changing	This does not infringe upon a person's rights.	Candidates will have awareness of the study- and it is non personality changing	As a non invasive experiment I would suggest anyone helping	To not tell a candidate of the study is to manipulate a person's mood and personality which is ethically dangerous ground. 	Most of my close friends and family do this for large firms\r\n	The students are told about the experiment -gaining consent. This does not infringe upon a person's rights.	Most of my close friends and family do this for large firms
A17D7S6EGNBJNQ	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IRZ4OOT	UnnamedCompany	2329	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	This is a waste of time, and effort, especially with the setup as they have it.  I do not have a solution for how to do it better, but this sounds completely worthless.	"Caution" in this case is the closest to "I can turn this stupid thing off if I notice it."	This is pointless.  People should not give out their passwords.  It does not matter to what extent some do.	No.  Do not verify passwords.  If the study just counted how many actually tried, then no matter what they put in, they receive a thing to say this was research, then fine.  The actual verification makes this terrible.	This is a harmless information gathering endeavor that puts no one at risk.	This is stupid in total.  No one should do this.	I don't really care.  I find this kind of a stupid thing to do, but it doesn't hurt anything.	It is foolish to do anything like this at all, even in the name of science.  There is no way to be sure that your password will not be taken.	The fact that they actually verify the passwords makes this too dangerous to condone.	I don't see any reason for any person to not be a participant in this experiment.
A17DWTJ8H30QQV	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WCQ3O3	Twitter	260	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Because it can help understand what will be more effective		N/a			This wouldnt bother me if a friend did it.		N/a	
A17GTPMTVW5OJQ	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXG6G9Z1	UnnamedCompany	537	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			After revealing the deception to the participants, it would be a good idea to ask them if they still want their responses used.							
A17H1D9RTBYTT3	38BQUHLA9W1OYIXZND1G5HJDW93MOA	InsertPosts	681	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent			To help.\r\n					It is interesting		
A17KKV9CVMRRGI	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594K5KF8U	NoAdvertising	477	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	no			Researchers should make all users aware that changing their passwords would be beneficial.	The passwords used will most likely be the students' real passwords, so the researchers should proceed with caution.						
A17KN7NAP48L4B	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68PU3V04	WithoutImprovingProduct	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I take issue with experimentation done without a person's consent.			There is no risk involved.					
A17L5XLD3FO4H5	3DIP6YHAPCTN12I6ZYO1VNO48UJE85	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	539	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent		I would need to know by what mechanism the researchers plan on filtering results				Presumably, these participants are criminals, so...		I don't entirely trust that the data won't be stored in this experiment	this would make all the participants very paranoid about data security	It's entirely up to them. There's no risk involved and the data is anonymous so I take a neutral stance on this one.
A17M798G0VI5EK	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE7774SG	WithoutImprovingProduct	316	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A17MDKYW97KPKF	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XS3W203	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	553	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no		Even though there are no identifiers, the researchers must still abide to all requirements of the ethical board								I dont believe in experiments where the researchers are not upfront about the purpose
A17MVFVVWHHPI	30MVJZJNHMEVQNN8IR56SZW7X6J9JS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	703	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	The results could come in handy, I guess, but it just seems like a lot could go wrong with this study. 	I would be interested in learning the results of this study, so I think they should be able to go ahead with it. 	I think they should make sure there is absolutely NO WAY the passwords of the participants could be used. 	They need to make sure their security is the best in the world so the participant's information isn't stolen.	Like I said above, the results of this study could be used to help make security warnings more effective, thus increasing the amount of people who listened when they were warned. 	This study is very risky. I wouldn't want someone I cared about to have their information stolen, and that's what could happen. 	This study seems pretty harmless. I don't think any long term harm would come to anyone I cared about if they unknowingly participated in this experiment.	This study seems a bit more riskier only because if the researchers are able to get our passwords, even if they don't use them, someone could hack into their database and steal all that personal information.	I wouldn't want my loved ones to give out their login information like that, even if the researchers won't use it. Someone else could get the data and use it	This study seems very risk-free, but I can see the potential benefits the results would yield. 
A17NPQ2V1VBIB3	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLHG8GC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	219	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A17TRGC97XXRP	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0E1208E	WithoutImprovingProduct	891	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	no	important to figure how to stop these people from doing this	affects peoples personal posts 	important to stop people from hacking passwords	still need to be respectful of peoples personal info	it is inportant so that we can keep up with the hackers	too stressful	they will not see some of their friends posts	too stressful	since it is controlled no real harm	I would not want them to be stressed out over this
A17UXYM7D324MI	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21B5M3Z	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1513	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A17WC8K94YIYHH	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4LAXJN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	368	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A180PALT3J8AYN	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFI935O	Twitter	546	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A1810X6JT5KY4L	3FK0YFF9PZH2EP052HOLN5WYJLZVV5	InsertPosts	568	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes			The risk of privacy violations appears to have been averted by not actually collecting or storing data but I still do not feel comfortable with this study's proposal	Privacy issues	You don't want to cause unnecessary stress to the participant	No informed consent			Potential for privacy violations	Research is necessary to further a field
A1811JW4OC7SGI	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFIZ6GP	UnnamedCompany	441	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1815O0GXEZUC	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMHAI1O	NoAdvertising	1123	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	On the one hand, more spam is never good. On the other hand, it's entirely someone's choice whether to open a spam email, click on the links in it, and engage with the website. (I delete every piece of spam I get.) On the whole, I'd say it's a good idea to do the research in order to find ways to shut down spammers in the future. But the researchers should all be CAREFULLY screened to make sure none of them have any association with any companies that could benefit from the research by sending out spam of their own and using this research to make it more effective.	All my answers are given above, but first and foremost, there is no consent! Yes, I know the experiment won't work of people know ahead of time, but if I do a survey on Mturk, no matter what level of deception is involved, I know I'm participating in psychological research. When I'm on Facebook, I have no such expectation.	See above.	Impersonating people's friends and stealing their passwords is sketchy, but the researchers aren't using the passwords for any nefarious purposes (assuming they're deleted after the research is complete!), and the research is thoroughly explained at the end. I would personally be okay with this. However, I imagine a lot of other people wouldn't be. I could see lawsuits coming out of this.	See above	It's not that I have no preference, it's that I'm ambivalent, but that isn't one of the available options.	People aren't signing up on Facebook with the expectation that they'll be participating in an experiment. Also, the deception is never explained. And also, increasing the proportion of negative posts for some users could harm the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users, if the researchers' hypothesis is correct.	There's no ethical issue here. The passwords weren't even actually stolen. (But how will the researchers measure the effects if they don't know what the users have typed?...)	Again, I am ambivalent rather than having no preference, but this is not one of the available options.	No harm is done, and the deception is thoroughly explained at the end.
A1835XBNR2UB4X	3NQL1CS15R9JIJVA7SB5U40S1BBVY6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	it's a thin line, but I think there could be potential problems	there's no harm that I can see	yeah there is no harm done at the end.	yeah doesn't, have any harm	nothing wrong with it.	I think there may be problems	The experiment seems safe	I don't really care	no preference	this experiment doesn't cause any harm, so I don't really care
A183HI4ZV77GJU	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ9DK58	InsertPosts	221	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	There is no reason not to					I have no problem with this				
A185GYUZ83AZET	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1Y0A2FM	NoAdvertising	1291	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It's uncalled for.	If someone's facebook page/ timeline is going to be altered they should have the right to chose whether they want to participate or not.	It's too risky.	I'm not sure why they need to validate passwords entered. Also examining someones facebook page is going too far. 	Everyone isn't interested in participating in a study.	It's not necessary.	No because that's an invasion of privacy.	There is a risk of passwords being shared.	I'm sure there's another way to conduct this study.	No one should be experimented on with out prior consent. 
A185NPNSQBF2YH	3D3VGR7TA0GQ99H59ND53DFC7VWR3E	WithoutImprovingProduct	2184	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Once again, researchers run the risk of really ticking a few people off.  Also, it is unclear if the participants will be debriefed at the end of the experiment.	Researchers need to inform and debrief when running an experiment.  Also, I think it unethical to meddle in the news feeds that are intended to be read by others without first informing the participant that they will be participants in an experiment.	The researchers will invariably tick a few people off if they proceed in this way. It is best for all to minimize any potential emotional turmoil caused by the experiment.	There would be too much explaining to do.  How many riches off participants would contact the researchers to voice their concerns over having divulged their password.  I know I would not be happy.	No sensitive information is being solicited, so I see fewer problems arising.	As long as mo credit card information was solicited, even if it is made clear that all personal data will not be stored.	No.  Facebook is full of personal information and is as personal to some as a diary.  I would not want any personal information being divulged unless it was by the choice of the participant.	If my loved one fell for the tricks, it could lead to meaningful conversation about how we might better protect ourselves from hackers.	Many people use the same password for multiple sites.  This would concern me as the password would have to be changed for Facebook and possibly for other sites as well.	I see no harm as no personal information is solicited.  I also find this experiment interesting. 
A185TI0XTN1HVW	3K4J6M3CXEUZ447C2RY3RHFBB1GAGA	NoAdvertising	411	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes		This is more likely to have longer-term emotional and social implications than the other studies.		I would have to be confident in the their ability to keep the data confidential.						
A187NHMKI4HSA	3LOTDFNYA70QXHEKSCODRLCQ200FWY	WithoutImprovingProduct	980	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1881CFQRSAMNR	3VNXK88KKCJ4HIN2ZGJPVN71S219V6	Control	342	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent				There might be questions about ethics.					I think so, it will teach them to be careful.	
A188NND2Q40151	3WRFBPLXRAP5UBPDGGWOUTA260X3NW	WithoutPublication	629	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes							It doesn't really matter to me because this is what you sign up for when checking the terms of agreement 			
A18ALHIOI8EKKF	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOIX4Y4	NoAdvertising	3171	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A18BJ2E6JWEYNL	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYTCLYIO	UnnamedCompany	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			Even if not for bad purposes, still collecting passwords.			bad idea to allow the software to still be controlled by spammers. seems like they could lose control.	people what their service to provide what it says it does, not to make them an experiment.		Seems risky to collect the passwords and concerned why the university even has access to those unencrypted passwords to share.	
A18DKL63PB77JH	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TBAFQ9M	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	851	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	The fact that they are letting computers become infected with malware is a red flag - even if they intend to change the store link, the malware could be conducting other processes in the background	I use facebook as a primary method to keep in touch with friends from college and high school - that the study would be excluding some of their posts is very upsetting to me, as I might not get important news	Since the study states that it will not be recording or saving any passwords obtained, I think it is a good way to both learn about hacking behavior and ultimately slow the rate of identity theft	While this one seems to be similar to the previous experiment, I feel like it is an invasion of privacy to access a participant's personal facebook page and collect information. Also, testing the passwords to see if they are valid would indicate that the survey team intends on actually gaining access to participants' accounts.	The deception seems a tad wrong and may cause users to return the HIT out of fear, cheating them out of payment, but I think if handled properly this study could be done					
A18FBKNCGVRU30	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE94215EQI	InsertPosts	271	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A18FK1XR73EQ2W	33JKGHPFYCV6GXXNMY13QSJ8616MN7	Control	701	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	There seems to be no risk for those who attempt to respond to the spam because no actual transaction takes place.	It seems like putting people in negative moods might send a certain amount of them over a line, so it's dangerous.	Researchers must make sure that there is no way the passwords will be recorded or connected to users in any way.	There is danger involved in gathering numerous students passwords, and then verifying those passwords by entering them into real accounts is unethical.	They pose no risk to participants, they inform them afterwards, and everyone remains anonymous as the results are published.	There is no harm done and users remain anonymous.	Since it's just the feed, and the user can hypothetically still go to their friends' profiles to see full content, it seems fine.	There is little or no risk, and participants will be informed.	The experiment is an intrusion on their privacy.	There will be no risk to them, they will remain anonymous, and they may learn something about security on computers.
A18FSRHD10KF0Y	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT0GYIV	Twitter	1062	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	Allowing unsuspecting participants to try follow a spam link to a store that doesn't work is not really ethical.	I believe in the free flow of information, and and unbias and unaltered news media.	The participants should be told the whole truth about the nature of the experiment beforehand.  If not this experiment should not be allowed to proceed.	The student are only being sent to a university website, so I do see a problem here.	The study isn't stealing any information or anything from the participants.  I believe this study is harmless, and should be allowed to continue. 	I believe the researchers should just disable the spam entirely from the infected computer.  Allowing unsuspecting participants to try to buy stuff on a store that doesn't work is not really ethical.  I would not want someone I cared for participating in this experiment.	I feel like people should be expose to the truth no matter what.  I do not think anyone I cared would want there twitter stream altered, and they probably would no want to be lied to.	I do not think anyone should be tricked into giving up their password, even if it is for science.  A person should be willing to participate in this experiment, and not be lied to.	The study is only directing the students to the universities website.  The university researchers and the one controlling the experiment I don't see a problem with this.	This study seems harmless, so I would not mind if someone I cared for was a part of it.
A18IXM5QQMIMGO	3WJ1OXY92AHKBP1UJTMFZ4YDNL9A86	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	816	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Doesn't seem ethical to steal possible customers from peoples online stores	Their heart seems to be in the right place, however it also seems like emotional manipulation	Even though you're revealing the true purpose, how do people know for sure that their information is safe	Have to be careful with protecting data	Does not seem to cause any harm		I believe that people should know when they are being observed in this way	As long as they are informed later about the true purpose	Seems to be for a good cause	Does not seem to cause any harm
A18O7OUFOB63SO	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEOS2IV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	415	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A18OGJF80QEY7W	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QAH2LYE	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	435	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A18S3Y7UZ6I91H	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8E6GZWU	Twitter	2960	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent						As long as no harm is done, I would not be against it.		As long as passwords are not collected, the experiment might actually increase my friend's caution.	I don't approve of collecting the passwords.	
A18T7E73TNGOKP	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASUKLE0	WithoutImprovingProduct	312	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A18UQKDY6JMGO1	3Z7VU45IPYI31XPHW0TZ1N2EIWQ1ZM	NoAdvertising	1695	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A18VA5XW0WSRRR	31QTRG6Q2TE6DZYELG26OCBAFR0YPM	Control	405	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	indifferent	no										
A18WSAKX5YN2FB	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEILSKR0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1537	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	I'm leaning a bit toward no because there's no knowledge or consent of any of this by the end users.		The users are informed		It is only a warnibg if security risk, and nothing actually happens		No negative environmen is created	No harm comex to them and they migh learn a lesson about Internet security.	They're providing their passwords which seems like a beach of privacy to me. I'm not comfortable with this.	No physical harm or real emotional harm would be perceived, real or not.
A18X2F83RT8ENZ	3Y4W8Q93LZLGK80JBWORHJQRJLKVD9	WithoutImprovingProduct	1014	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	The researcher must take precautions that their infected computer only sends out messages that can be used in the study, rather than providing the spammer with additional resources. Also, sensitive information about the researcher or the candidates receiving the messages should be secure. 	Now that people know about these types of studies, it would be interesting to see how the results of future studies are impacted. Will people be looking for trends in their Facebook feeds?	Simply reassuring the candidates that their information wasn't stolen isn't enough. They'd have to take the researchers' word at face value, despite the study being built upon deception.	See above. It's a teachable moment for the students.	The success of such a study is dependent upon the content of the warning messages. If they're too generic, the candidates will ignore them. Also, different warning messages may be needed for various groups of people participating in the study due to gender, age, and other differences. One size does not fit all.	Unless the person can tell that the message was linked to research rather than an actual spammer, their behavior shouldn't be different. More than likely the message would be deleted or caught in spam filters, depending on the email service provider.	This type of research has already been performed and has gained quite a bit of media attention. Also, most of the people I know aren't really heavy Facebook users.	This is a very slippery slope. What is being done to secure the stolen passwords so that people's information isn't accidentally made available to someone with malicious intent?	Yet again, this is another case of tracking people's behaviors. At least there's an opportunity for the researchers to caution the candidates about providing their information as a follow-up to the research study.	This doesn't cause any harm and may result in people actually reading warning messages in the future.
A191AQFVYJLQBI	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII0A2FJQ	NoAdvertising	594	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Possibly if they compensated the users whom they are testing.					This scenario would involve someone making a fake purchase, which I would not be happy about if it were done to me.	Only if they told the Facebook user afterwards and compensated them, then possibly it would be ok.	As long as they are trustworthy	As long as the researchers are trustworthy	The participants should be compensated
A191JFTJ4GQFN8	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CN7PAN	InsertPosts	2176	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				they need to securely store and destroy the passwords. 	their research could improve security warnings	to increase the researcher's ability 'empirically measure the effectiveness of spam emails'	it's just facebook		it will encourage students to be more aware of attacks	
A193Q2073CVN9R	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YUQF23	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	468	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes										
A1963E3FRDOXQD	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG0955I3TQC	WithoutPublication	467	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A199VIE03YJTHW	32ZKVD547FO3T20GDQRF3YA8PM23BC	WithoutImprovingProduct	1038	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no			It is beneficial  yet risky at the same time	No, its a violation of privacy				remain anonymous is a question.		
A199XEQGKUTBSI	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHGG0MZC	WithoutPublication	346	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A199XJADKQX6AI	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNKZS2E	Control	456	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A19B1U47Q1BM4Y	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7KU5I96	WithoutImprovingProduct	1910	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	safety nets/deterrents should be built into the study for anyone who has access to the information to take advantage of the data collected via the spam.	As above stated, I think studies such as this will help people and society  understand the impact of social media in individual's emotions, reactions, behavior. I hope such better understanding can lead to making use of social media for the betterment of individuals and societies.	Yes, but not using the "deception." Deception should not be made part of this study at all. The study's "integrity" should run throughout the vein of the entire process of the study.	I do not see any significance of this part of this study.	This might result to people using MTurk and Amazon doubting the security of the site.  	In the situation described above, the results of the study will be helpful in understanding the impact of spams, and perhaps, also, result to studies on how people can prevent and protect themselves better against spammers. However, what is the SAFETY NET - OR THE DETERRENT - FOR THE RESEARCHER/S OR ANYONE OF THE researchers becoming a spammer...and take advantage of the information.....if one finds out the benefits that it brings?	I think the results of this study will help  understand how sharing in social media sites influence emotions and behaviors of individuals. I hope that such a study will be useful in helping society become stronger and better with the proper use of the social media sites.	I believe the "deception" part of the study should not be used.  Trust is a major factor in this study. It must be present in all aspects of this study. "The end will not justify the means." The objective of this study will result to  a lot of good uses for society. For sure, there are a lot of people who will support this idea.	I think the objective of the research will not justify the risk involve in getting people's sensitive information.  Without research, one can safely assume that success rate of phishing email coming from trusted people increase significantly. I do not see the advantage or the use of knowing whether success rate increase 50% more or 100% more. How will the study result to helping society control or eliminate phishing? Or....can it be eliminated at all?!!!	I think using the MTurk HIT for this study will not be the effective methodology. I think you can use the "focus group" method within the university itself. 
A19C4VNUIIRCPD	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ1WJMLY	Twitter	593	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A19GHMPX6LAV5J	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6C6D7CB	WithoutImprovingProduct	1855	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent								It serves a purpose ... 	Passwords have no business in the hands of anyone not authorized to use said accounts	
A19H6XXGBK1IVI	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMJ4I1M	WithoutImprovingProduct	739	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	no	This will inform the public in order to help remove spammers. Only people who would have been caught will be involved.	Some people's emotions are fragile. Counselors should be available to intervene in extreme situations.			Make sure people know that the particular warning was fake but it could have been real.		I don't post things on facebook so I won't be of use.	I would like to learn how my passwords could be stolen	If I am going to get phished, I'd rather have it for research	I will just avoid HITS with unverifiable warnings- it's not worth the risk
A19INGYPRBRJLM	3KAKFY4PGU3DGAEMJ0JWPLELK643IR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	313	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A19J8QB6W7Z8BF	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U7YJVZN	UnnamedCompany	3619	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	It's a grey area.	There is no risk.	It's risky to proceed.	I feel it is unsecure.	Ensure they give follow up answers should the reveal incite questions.	IT seems like a scam.	I don't see the issue in being a participant, as the results will be posted in aggregate.	I don't fully trust it.	It could confuse future attacks.	It poses no risk, and may educate them on proper web security
A19JMV9SQ6X02O	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VKTHKF	WithoutPublication	464	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent				This can lead to some privacy issues.			Again this is for the greater good.	Some things may go wrong and valuable information may be stolen.	This is all for the greater good, so it doesn't really matter to me.	
A19JTV6EJG9ZGZ	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0NS8IA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1018	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I see the benefits of conducting the research, but I also feel as if it can go terribly wrong. The researchers would have to be positive that they had control over the program installed by the spammers. 	While this experiment may be harmless to a large percentage of participants, there is a chance that a person with a mental disability or emotion problems could be seriously affected by this mood manipulation. Researchers may see the experiment as simple effecting a short term mood, but that may have a very serious, lasting reaction to a person less capable of balancing moods or emotions. Since there would be no way to tell the mental state of the randomly selected participants, I think this experiment is a dangerous idea.	Yes, because it may be the best way to determine what causes an individual to trust / distrust a website.	This could result in important safety information to prevent future attacks. I also think that by telling the participants that it was research after the fact will raise awareness and people will be more careful with what they trust on the internet.	I feel as if the experiment is a good way to collect honest information which could greatly benefit the majority of internet users. 	I wouldn't feel secure about the safety of the participant. 	I feel as if this is manipluation of the user and can (unknowingly to the researchers) cause negative reactions in a small percentage of participants. 	The research seems important to the future of internet safety.	I feel as if phishing research is valuable, and I do not see any harm that could be caused by this research.	The experiment does not seem to be harmful or dangerous, and could aid in increased internet security.
A19KF02ULCISTQ	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGCJZ3J	Control	705	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	The gathered information would be useful.	It might have negative consequences in real life.		Only because I believe the passwords will never actually be seen by the researchers.						
A19M2PGGI14Q9I	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19X0WDPP	Control	524	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			Research could be beneficial to help preventing hackers and security threats.							
A19MZXCCSDRLW	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOY0CS7L	WithoutImprovingProduct	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	All research should be pursued, even if only theoretically.	I see no harm in it, and it could help understand people.	Raising awareness is necessary, but the temptation to steal someone's password, even for a prank, is high.	Same reasons as last study	Getting people to pay closer attention to security warnings is a good thing.	One way or another, they are being scammed. And spammers can outsmart research scientists.	I'd be curious to see if it works, especially on some of the bubbly people I know.	Sometimes people need a reminder of how careless they are.	Same reasons as last study	Again, no harm could come of it.
A19NTF2XF7BRLX	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F57W2Q3	Twitter	642	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	Spam should be halted.	The study hurts no one and might help promote the knowledge of how to induce positive mood in others.	I believe the research will help us stop hackers.	Some college kids don't take these things seriously enough. A wake-up call like this might ensure that their future computer use is more guarded.	Understanding how warnings do or do not capture the attention of the people they are intended to warn is important, but causing an overage of stress should be avoided.	I would want my loved one to stop responding to spam, and this experiment might help convince him or her to do so.	The study is harmless and might help researchers evaluate mood.	I would want my loved one to receive a warning if he or she is vulnerable to hackers.	Phishing is serious and should be resisted and thwarted in any way possible.	A loved one might be unduly stressed if he or she thinks that his or her computer, a.k.a. his or her livelihood, is threatened, especially when he or she did not do anything to cause a problem.
A19PQVESKFZ0NE	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW62STKH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	240	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A19Q7H0LTXFVHF	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYRZ5HD	WithoutPublication	1172	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	This could end up being a very serious breach in security.									
A19WJLT1242OA2	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1QC1WE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	886	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A19WWXPWT25JD0	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCNKISH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	317	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no										
A19Y0GXJYNSKZ0	3DHE4R9OCWCAZ1C8PC5OLZWDZLG2G3	WithoutImprovingProduct	529	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I can see there might be benefits to this sort of experiment, but I can also see the definite drawbacks in allowing a computer to get infected with a virus or malware.	As in my previous answer, I have strong objections to this sort of experiment being done without the user's consent or awareness.	I do believe there are some real benefits to be gained from such a study, in helping to potentially prevent people from being hacked in the future.	I have no objection to research being done on phishing attempts, but I am unsure as to what might be the best way to do so.	There are people who definitely would be seriously alarmed by an unexpected security warning, so there needs to be careful consideration when determining who is eligible and who is not eligible for the experiment.	I would definitely not recommend someone to be involved with this, as it involves getting a computer deliberately infected with malware/viruses.	I would definitely object to this sort of social experimentation when it is done without the user's consent.	I would not be too worried if someone I knew decided to participate in such an experiment, provided they did not utilize any of my logins or passwords.	I would not recommend that a person I knew participated in a phishing study, as there can be legitimate issues that arise from receiving emails that appear to be from a friend.	I would have no objections one way or the other about someone I knew participating in this experiment.
A19ZFB5ZLSUK7U	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4F608W7	Twitter	388	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	It would be interesting to see the result, but would it change anything?	I think this would be interesting and would get us thinking on what we post and do not post	I see nothing wrong with this experiment	This experiment would be helpful		I hate spam emails and would not want to do this. I usually don't buy something just because they send me a span email.	I wouldn't care either way	I think people should know all the tricks out there so this experiment would be good.	Seems like it could be interesting but I do not fall for emails like this so I do not card.	Doesn't sound fun to me.
A19ZFSJIL5LTR2	3ZPPDN2SLVXNF71G4QUFVJJFS479E3	Control	450	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1A1PSTVSSJKXV	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48L8U2S	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1038	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	I think that it is unethical.	It seems unethical		The results could be very informative and beneficial. 	It is crossing a thin line but the research could be very beneficial. I also think it is OK as long as the participants are debriefed. 	I kind of feel like their privacy is being violated			It is somewhat deceptive.	Ultimately I believe that their participation would help others.
A1A2PYJ7XUSTM0	3X65QVEQI0O3JBIBXWRAA4A77HZLCX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	543	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent		negative emotions should not be induced and is perhaps unethical		not enough info		I would have to read the entire IRB before making an informed decision	it seems innocent enough 		Not enough info	Doesnt matter to me
A1A3M5ZIQ39ER	3LBXNTKX0RWWL7SXZVK7J84M8AN9XH	WithoutPublication	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A1A73YJ1M5K261	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HOOQCV	NoAdvertising	2320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	violation of Constitutional rights	privacy and libel issues	There is an actual threat of a password being breached, even if it's not from the researchers.	privacy  issue	Participants should at least be informed at the outset that they might be exposed to material that some people might find somewhat frightening.	This is a huge privacy issue and an interference with interstate commerce. It's also a total infringement on the 4th Amendment against the right to unreasonable searches and seizures by the government. If your school or program is funded by the government, you could be in violation.  	It's not only an invasion of privacy, it's actually changing the meaning of what's been written, however slightly. It could trigger libel law suits.	The researchers might not steal the password, but hackers or the NSA might.	It's an invasion of privacy, its purpose notwithstanding.	I think it could scare someone too much.
A1A8ZDCJ32AP7O	3PZDLQMM0TMXIPW3NQ95V8BY1MFC2G	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1103	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	The activities of the researchers constitute illegal conduct.	Sure, go ahead. Anyone on Facebook should already know the vast amount of bogus content on that site already. 	It would not be difficult (if you use your imagination) to obtain the passwords obtained by the "researchers".	Intent is irrelevant. If "researchers" start robbing banks under the guise of "research", I foresee long prison sentences.	Why not? I don't know what results they will get, other than commonsensible ones.	Their computer is at risk and I can perceive of countless types of mischief that could be created.	I have no sympathy for anyone foolish enough to throw their "stuff" all over the internet via Facebook	Stealing passwords is wrong regardless of intent	The experiment is simply wrong, and no university in their right mind would be a part to such a scam	I see no risk or "down side" to being included in the experiment
A1A9MUU7XM4LHX	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3QPS6L	Twitter	777	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I still think researchers should inform people.	I don't mind it too much, but I can see it upsetting people.	Yes, they should do it, just be sure to include that passwords were not actually taken.	Just make sure to be completely truthful in the end.	Yes, they should proceed, but make sure they tell people it was fake all along.	The researchers won't inform the users, and no awareness is being raised until the research is published.	I don't want the person that I know to be censored.	I think it would be a wakeup call for people.	It will raise awareness.	Again, wakeup call to people about security.
A1AEEJJ46YYT1V	3LUY3GC63Z1NYF2DY7C6BZRDBO67P1	Twitter	711	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It keeps people from being able to purchase products they want, which seems illegal.	If I want my friends to see my posts, I want to know that it happens.	I'm not sure I'd trust my financial info in the hands of people I don't initially authorize to have it.							
A1AEFY99VU56L9	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMFHWM59	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	839	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This research could provide beneficial information about hackers and how they use spam.	Yes but let users know that this is some part of a psychological study.	The research could produce some positive insight about the techniques hackers use for cyber crimes.	Yes it could aid further progress against malicious phishing/hacking attacks. 	The research would aid researchers on security against horrible cyber criminals.	I would not mind if someone i cared participated. it would aid research.	I'm not to sure if I would want someone to participate in this.	I wouldnt mind could aid positive results.	I wouldn't mind.	 it would not bother me. Could provide useful research.
A1AEKMIKKEBZLZ	3E7TUJ2EGCNIN1NG8VJVP11USPN9DL	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1089	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It seems strange not to inform the people targeted by the spam, at least after the fact--so they're not waiting for their products.		I like that no information is actually being recorded. That should make this experiment interesting but not particularly dangerous.	As long as they secure the dataset, I see nothing wrong with this.	This actually sounds a responsible way to test something important.					
A1AGJO927RZ6PX	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3AUKX19	Control	9254	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1AKY7UPWR53YH	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6QAJYJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1881	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	no	And a thousand times NO. Let me count the reasons.  1) If your computer is infected and spewing spam, you're an Internet abuser.  2) Spammers check their spam and the flow will stop. 3) That malware rarely does *only* spamming and can be changed by the spammer, and you run the risk of infecting the entire university and/or causing a retaliation attack. 4) You best have an IT team as good as you think it is, and believe me, it never is that good.	Should involve only public pages.	There needs to be some assurance, other than a promise, that passwords are not stored, or *at least* a warning to change passwords after.	For one thing, if the researchers are able to verify the passwords, then that is insecure handling of passwords *by the university*.  Passwords should be encrypted and nobody should be able to get them, including administrators.  It is common practice to encrypt stored passwords, and if the user has a password problem (forgotten, etc) the old password can only be deleted/replaced with a temporary one.	Computers have been destroyed because people panic.  Furthermore, fake security warnings are unethical and a common method of getting users to install malware.	What's one spam more or less.	I don't see the harm if the additions are only positive.	Same as before - those with a tendency to fall for it need a wakeup call.	If people have a habit of falling for phishing email, they need a wakeup call.	Computers have been destroyed because people panic.
A1ALBJXEKOAEY4	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVEMS1Y	Control	2126	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	If its their own computers, it doesn't matter to me.	I'm not a fan of facebook or its policies, but if its in their terms of service, they can really do whatever they want.		Only if they immediately delete any information like passwords and email addresses that they gather from the experiment.	It's harmless, and as long as its explained at the end, I dont see an issue with it.			I've had relatives fall for things and given their passwords out unintentionally, so I guess it could be sort of a wake up call for them to be more careful.	No, not if it was up to me. I feel it would just be a nuisance to them, and most people I'm friends with would be able to spot a phishing attempt pretty easily.	It doesn't sound that bad, and it doesn't really pose any threat, so I have no issue with it
A1AOPRUBYQO70C	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE73LS4A	Twitter	257	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent					paranoia can manifest in worse ways					No real risk
A1APN2LGMCHNMC	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21IBM3J	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	639	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes						they are being tricked	I don't think it's ethical to manipulate someone's feelings			not very deceptive
A1AQK667NBERJ1	3FE2ERCCZX9UJLUCFTT8MLD819OOP8	NoAdvertising	4453	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	I would like them to learn what these spammers are exactly doing. It can get overwhelming with all this spam	Go for it. This is not spamming, or phishing so I wouldn't mind them monotiring me personally. 	This is shaky ground. Some people will not take this lightly and could be some backlash.	I like that they would be doing this to see test results but this could end up bad or good. I would say go ahead with caution. 	This experiement would be useless in my opionion because when people are made aware they might or might not act correctly. 	I would like to know the experience of everything in the end. 	This is no real harm to anyone. This is for research so let them be included.	I would feel like this information could not be trusted as how would I know you are saying who you are.	I would be intesrested to hear what the person would have to say about this.	I don't feel this would be worth it as much
A1AS97I9CRB5CF	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLBVPZB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	747	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		Same reason as above.		They should be careful with the information they achieve.		Potentially risky. People shouldn't be encouraged to follow spam. 		So long as the people know they are in a study	So long as the experiment resulted in a way to stop phishing	Well thought out experiment
A1ASCGA59QFZDU	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4SMC0V	UnnamedCompany	254	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1AT09XNJBAKTC	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE94238EQP	WithoutPublication	1205	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I think experiments like this is necessary to removal of spam.	I think it will help.	I understand the need for the experiment, to help with password or identity theft, but some people may not be very happy if the found out what kind of study they were involved in.	I think the people should agree to the experiment before it happens.	i think it will help.	i don't see anything wrong with this experiment.	I see nothing wrong with this experiment.	Because they may not be smart enough to avoid giving out personal information.	Because i would hate  to see someone i care about information get out in case something goes wrong.	i see nothing wrong with this experiment.
A1ATNFVN6LNRO3	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28PKFGZ	WithoutPublication	1428	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes			The experiment may open the researchers to a backlash - even lawsuits.		It would benefit users to receive safe, reliable, trustworthy warnings and recognize them as such.	I want my friends to understand how important it is to protect their information on the web as many of them do not.	What my friends share is their freedom and their right, within reason, and researchers or outside parties should not manipulate users' posts.	I believe people are far too trusting and naive in using the Internet.	I want my friends to understand the importance of protecting information on the web as many of them do not.	I know many people who ignore such warnings; however, it is very difficult to tell the difference between an actual warning and a virus scam.
A1ATX2JQCI0ROZ	3WOKGM4L71HRV4QSY8EI7KC0TZ2O0N	UnnamedCompany	500	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				Most research experiments are done on a voluntary basis. By having this experiment set up so that the participants are initially unaware of the experiment, while crucial to the setup, is a violation of their rights.						
A1AVWYA4WBS8JY	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CNUAPV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1473	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Again, very risky for reason stated above.	I believe Faceboo's TOS already covers this.		Same rationale as above.		Too risky. There may be coded embedded in the span that are missed by researchers.	I believe according to Facebook's TOS that they already have the right to do this with member info.  My wishes would be irrelevant.		I would object to info being taken off my friend's Facebook as I think it is a misuse of the site by the researchers. Ditto verifying passwords with university.	
A1AW7IV6DSSBVU	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4IG0CT	InsertPosts	531	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1AYFPD1RFW8P5	39KFRKBFINWOSZMD6GPRZC6K5G0OYF	Control	1257	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	This is just one possible idea, and they really need to brainstorm and come up with about 3 or 4 more ideas. This project cannot possibly be the best option.	I cannot think of any valid reason for doing this experiment unless you have absolutely nothing else to do.	Again, at least the participants will be told at the end the true nature of the experiment.		The structure is the same as a lot of surveys that I've taken, though I never took one that involved a security warning.	No, because the participants are not really aware of what is actually taking place. If they did know, then they may decide to decline. It's not fair to the participants, even if the researchers actually learn something useful with this project.	Facebook needs to stay out of its users' lives.	This is a very similar scenario to the last experiment.	This is too invasive into the personal lives of the participants.	At least. in the end they will know what was really going on.
A1AYTEFEX5B89X	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1CXO7A	InsertPosts	345	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A1AYWUSULABAXL	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7X29RT	Control	1023	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too many undisclosed details.			Phishing is a serious problem. Better for a person to find out how serious through a controlled experiment.	I think there is validity to the experiment.		I don't think the experiment is vital.	Only if I thought my friend might be a victim of phishing. It's better to learn a lesson through a controlled experiment.	Only if I thought my friend might be a victim of phishing. Better to learn a lesson through a controlled experiment.	
A1AZAC9CPBEP6K	3ITXP059PWKDV2J7RX5X9U1XPU1SJF	InsertPosts	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	no		I think that as long as nobody is deceived in a harmful way, I don't see anything wrong with it.			I think that there is nothing illegal about it. But the researchers need to be careful in regards to the psychological effect it might have.		I would not want to subject to such an experiment.			I wouldn't personally want somebody I know to be put through such an experiment. That doesn't mean however that I think the experiment is wrong.
A1B2X830N94SYS	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23KHWG5	WithoutImprovingProduct	474	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent				using friends names is violation of privacy				sounds like a valid study suitable for anyone		sounds like a valid study suitable for anyone
A1B3161X2M250V	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA4LYLK	WithoutImprovingProduct	444	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1B3VBDS79ZE38	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCTYRP4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	683	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	They shouldn't be banned, but I wouldn't want to participate.	Technically, they should be allowed but it is unethical. 	I don't think they should be banned from conducting the experiment, but I wouldn't want to participate.	They shouldn't be banned, but I wouldn't want to participate. 				You're still giving your password to a stranger, even if it is because of a study.	Again, I wouldn't trust that it wasn't just a hacker under the guise of an experiment. 	
A1B4GPTQ6BDRTN	3X31TUMD7XNJW88DHZ2QT8RG3MNL1Q	UnnamedCompany	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1B518JGQXTOS4	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3OS6SY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	388	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	this would help people in the long run to avoid/prevent spamming		I think its ok, but its still somewhat deceptive and could cause some anxiety, but i can see the usefulness.	Again being careful of any anxiety it can cause.	I think you'd have to be very careful in doing it					Just seems like it could cause someone alot of anxiety
A1B541X1CPGB3N	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPDBZYM	WithoutPublication	304	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Manipulating real-world data with emotional repercussions is likelier to cause harm than faking security issues is.				Beats getting spammed for real, and makes it easier to dodge the real thing.				
A1B5SSGMTAQ9B5	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW1320RJS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1596	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	unsure	indifferent	no	yes	no	no			MAKE SURE NOTHING IS SAVED					SEEMS HELPFUL		
A1B61O2ZI8FCE4	3HFNH7HEMHFRRKETRNVPHHUGFHIGQZ	UnnamedCompany	1066	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		This could upset some people who may feel they were being manipulated.	If all involved in the experiment are disclosed so any data collected could be traced to any individuals involved.	No researchers should try this kind of experiment where the users would enter thier bank passwords. Because of the potential for fraud.		Seems like a reasonable experiment.		Yes, to better understand how to protect ourselves.		
A1B6VWDY7LETQF	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PI7D0L	UnnamedCompany	956	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Not if the participants aren't informed that they are taking part in a study, and possibly informed afterwards as to the nature of the study.	So long as the passwords aren't actually collected and stored, yeah.			The participants should be informed to some degree at some point.	I didn't read anything about the participants being informed at any point, so, no.	If they want to, sure.	I think the students should be informed first that they are in a study, even if they have to be misled about the purpose of the study. Also, I don't like that the researchers would obtain the students' actual passwords, especially considering how many people (very unwisely) use the same password for multiple accounts.	If they want to, sure, why not.
A1B7JPWVV5TP83	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AUSRFW	Twitter	496	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no				password privacy	same reasons as above		trying to manipulate someones feelings 		privacy is being violated	person could exit out and miss out on hit
A1B9M6QGSSMDUP	39N5ACM9HEORCYQ6D4AQPVIJ6599PC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	368	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		Excluding posts could affect participants greatly; they will have to be careful with how people are informed about/included in the study.		The use of real passwords proves tricky; while information gathered can be made anonymous, the participants would need to be informed to change their passwords.					Would not feel comfortable with researchers having that level of access to someone's account.	
A1B9Q1J8DB5Z3C	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMB20M6Y	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	344	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A1BAEFJ2OG7NJ0	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKFEYQP	InsertPosts	1560	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A1BE055IV30FF3	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F50M2QF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	493	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A1BECW50LAWZTZ	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOB3IQL3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1363	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Yes, but wondering who the subjects would be? Under what context would someone be using this computer?	Sounds perfectly ethical, however I do not think it would be the best way to assess students' vulnerability to hacker techniques.	Again, perfectly ethical. However it does not sound like it would be an effective measure of students' vulnerability to hackers.	I'm sure researchers could tweak this study to make it ethical to access student's Facebook account with permission while still keeping intact the integrity of study.		Sounds ethical as long as there is a debriefing.	It sounds ethical. No information would be stored and there would be a debriefing.	It sounds ethical. No passwords would be stored and there would be a debriefing afterward.	Under what context would it be OK to access a student's Facebook profile for this? Are they asked for their permission ahead of time? Wouldn't asking for permission affect the study?	Sounds perfectly ethical.
A1BFLMCFOAYEVI	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLB3PZJ	UnnamedCompany	828	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I do because I personally would be interested to hear the results - as long as they are simulating the conditions it is ok	I think the valuable insights learned from this test is worth some momentary down ladden emotions		I don't see any problems with this test and it is indeed a good way to test phising	again because no one is at risk or will be harmed, I think it is ok to proceed	again a very worthwhile study that can help with spammers - and infected computers so I think it would be well worthwhile	again this situation is being simultated so there is no harm that can come and something important could be learned	I think this study is worthy to allow a person I know to do it as there will be no harm and it could benefit many people in the future not to lose their password to a hacker	again this is a very good study that could help many people - so since no harm would come to the participant I say go for it	Since the participants are never at risk, my friend or loved one wouldn't be harmed and might learn something new.
A1BIMEP9E3FK2H	304SM51WA357DJLV35SGB6IKHP0BSL	WithoutPublication	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Participants should be notified of their involvement. 	This experiment is moral and seems interesting.	This experiment is moral and does not seem to pose any problems.	In this scenario, the experiment will only help individuals and will not cause real harm.	This experiment does not pose any issues.	The participants need to be notified.	I think this is an interesting experiment.	This research will be helpful overall.	I think the research is helpful overall.	This study seems interesting and helpful.
A1BJNNFHK6J1ED	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P557I5J6B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	762	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no		Even though they did it, they shouldn't have. 			No. Planned deception with no foreknowledge is not acceptable. 		Even though Facebook did it anyway, this is deception. The company should have never did this. 		I am not sure how to go about answering this. As long as there is no malicious activity in the link and it is for survey studies, it may pass as acceptable.	Deception is never acceptable. If these participants were forewarned about a possibility of such, my answer might be different.
A1BKO52G88GAC1	3S4AW7T80BJ0O75W4HLSR6YJF774LY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	510	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no		Don't go into it bull head, but keep an eye of safety while making scientific bounds			It needs to be done but with caution to do it safetly 		I don't want them to be in danger of being hurt in a experiment that might not have known side effects			Dont want them to get hurt by unknown side effects
A1BM57TUNAQIXM	33FOTY3KEMMQT4E74M9RQP1T9M7C1H	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	977	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1BMEP1J2NWNBW	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EECZ2HQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	754	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	WILLING PARTICIPATION.	I think people should/could be informed that a study was being performed and given the option to opt out.	Many studies require that the participants not know what exactly is being tested or observed.	At least in this one they are being informed afterward, but it would still be ideal to inform students beforehand that a study is occurring.	Once again, the subjects are willing participants in a study.		Technically no harm.	Worst case scenario, their bad internet habits could be revealed, and possibly corrected.		
A1BNQ6H4SJZ2X5	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LRXUXL	NoAdvertising	608	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	seems like an interesting study. 	seems harmless. 	It would be a good teaching lesson about being careful on the internet. 	nice teaching lesson about the dangers of trusting on the internet. 	seems like an interesting study. don't see any problems.	seems like an interesting study. 	seems harmless	It would be a nice teaching lesson about being careful on the internet. 	nice teaching lesson about the dangers of trusting on the internet. 	
A1BNR1ZAF1QGWG	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKC6DSS	NoAdvertising	1359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes									seems invasive even for an experiment	
A1BPABQ0S1Z2C4	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X1CUHQ	InsertPosts	762	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent		I would think you should ask permission of the participants after the study has been performed	Again maybe in a computer lab		isn't there another way to do it in a more controlled setting, like not on a users personal computer but maybe a computer lab?	If this was in a controlled computer lab with the participants un aware of the study prior sound like a good idea. if on personal computer no.	I have a sister and a mother with diagnosed psychological issues. I feel this study would be beneficial in helping them keep a happier mood. (why my mom does not watch the news because it brings her down and she does not cope as others do)	As long as the option to participate or not is allowed afterwards and not performed on personal computers	Yes, this is a common problem and not only will this provide data but teach the participants about a very real problem and how to identify it.	
A1BPHW0KCTG34P	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCRWRPY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	14002	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	You guys don't want to get discovered or they will possibly jeopardize your results or institution.	It seems feasible and it does not cost the participants any money but a lot of privacy.	As I have mentioned before, at least one person will use a password they use for other important accounts	Yes proceed, but do not steal information.  Just mislead to educate people on how unsafe they are.	I don't want to participate although I wouldn't mind if others participated.	These people are more than likely hackers so it is good to discover how they go about their business	This is fine as long as you inform the participants beforehand that their posts will be studied for the greater good	I say no because some users will type in their real passwords but i say yes because it is a chance at educating people on poor password consequences	I would allow someone I know to participate in this experiment if it will not do any harm to their being.  I would expect education from this experiment so that may better be prepared to avoid this scenario.	I do human intelligence tasks and I do not want to be deceived when I am trying to be very productive.
A1BQCCSQDNCZUD	3YMTUJH0DSHO7KD1DQNJDX809PMT4T	UnnamedCompany	541	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The individuals are never asked for approval before the results are publshed	As long as the passwords are made up and the people agree to it, there's no harm					It's a free country	It's up to them	
A1BQCRF5Q76YFY	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD0Z8J0	Twitter	249	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1BQI9JKLVCIL0	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZBN9W0	UnnamedCompany	473	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										I don't feel like they would be in any harm.
A1BWS5AD2T4NIR	3YWRV122CS04QYFSPY36Z5A7USXU86	Control	999	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		The researchers are changing what candidates would see without intervention and therefore it is an invasive experiment.		The security researchers must handle the confidential information securely.		Real usage data would be beneficial to researchers and no more harm would come to that person had the researcher not intervened.	That person would be undergoing psychological stress throughout the duration of the experiment.	Little to no harm can come from this experiment and the data collected would be valuable.	By participating in the experiment, that person would learn valuable lessons in security, such as always validating a website before entering credentials even when following a link from a trusted source. Additionally, they would possibly be helping security researchers with their data.	The stress that that person will undergo is localized to only facing a security risk which is unlikely to traumatize them.
A1BXNBGMELWSO0	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ09WEN	Control	580	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	i think that taking over and redirecting traffic interferes with someones site, and whether or not they are spammers, this is wrong to do.		i don't think that murk is representative of the internet population, and sharing information is dangerous				i think that users should be informed first, but otherwise i think it is ok	sharing personal information is never a good idea, even if just for research, because a third party could hack it as well and use it	they are not only collecting passwords, but testing them to see if they are correct. This is a serious violation of privacy	since there is no actual risk, and they are just studying responses in order to make warnings more or less effective, I think that this research is ok
A1BZZ9ZYZH59G4	3SKRO2GZ71S8C2QVWZQPE8E1ESX1KU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	522	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				Yes						
A1C042ENDCQOML	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEKHLUO	UnnamedCompany	642	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes								Seems too risky and I wouldn't want to put anyone I care about at risk.		
A1C0M4NLI3TFJW	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOX6N7D9	WithoutPublication	270	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent			Some people might become upset over something like this					Some people might become upset over something like this		
A1C20J953BBDS9	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58GB1NU	Twitter	629	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	That is going way to far in my opinion	Only because of the ability to go into someone's account	just due to personal information that can be gathered	I am not sure if there is not another way to find this information out. 	Again, just due to personal information gathered	Think that is pushing a bit too far	Twitter is pretty much public anyways	It would not matter to me	That is becoming a bit on the big brother side in my opinion	
A1C24L5X3OQYOM	34V1S5K3GS2J2S81Y8BHJVR2B5I96F	NoAdvertising	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes	you do not want the spam to ruin their computers 			this is terrible and can hurt someone and feel violated 	they are conducting research for further knowledge. if it was going to hurt someone, then the board would not allow the experiment to occur		this is not harming anyone 	if they choose to be a part of the study it is up to them, their information will not be violated	i do not believe that the invasion of privacy should occur	it is not hurting them in any type of way. 
A1C39J0JIVQK4Z	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6C9F7CJ	Control	1050	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Again, it is being used to help the online community and I see nothing wrong with this study. 	Again, this is a tough one. If they do proceed, I think it should be over a very limited time so the individuals involved to not end up having a warped view of their friend. 	They need to have only trustworthy people on their team and take precautionary measures to ensure the sensitive data has no way of being recorded.	This is an important study and I particularly like that they will allow the individuals involved to comment about the experience on a blog. More people will then become informed. 	Yes, they should, but they should choose the websites that they display these error messages on with caution. People will be scared if they just entered sensitive information , such as bank card information, and then see a warning message. 	This study will allow the researchers to collect pertinent data to further protect the online community as a whole. It's not hurting anyone, except the spammers and even protects the people who were trying to buy the items. 	This is a tough one. I already feel like Facebook has negative effects on certain people. I personally avoid going on FB more than once a month because some of my friends are constantly posting negative or overly happy posts. I feel like FB allows people to create their own reality to the world. By only showing more or less negative or happy posts, it can change someones perception on that individual. 	It's not actually doing any harm to them as long as the information really is never stored. It will help protect the online community as a whole. 	This is a good study that will help people not fall victim to phishing scams. 	This study is harmless to the participants and will help the online community. It may initially scare the participants, but they will eventually be assured that they were never at risk and they remain anonymous. 
A1C4JWS3ONFNES	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68PZSV03	UnnamedCompany	426	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1C5SQZ045W0L5	3PEIJLRY6TU7X355S6UZXSCX68MXW3	NoAdvertising	300	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1C7N7W710E4DP	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I688QO5	InsertPosts	538	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A1C7W2FOSYRNI8	32Z9ZLUT1LL264WOWGL3DCBHFQUHOS	Control	355	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		Do users know they are participating in the study?\r\nCould this exacerbate depression or negative feelings in some people?								
A1CA8PVVH5T2LB	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YBVCDC	UnnamedCompany	724	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent		only if the users consent to having their posts edited/deleted to create the stimulus	some statement of informed consent should be drafted that meets the study requirement of being uniformed, while still asking participants if they are tolerant of deception 							
A1CERSL0PQYJFX	3X4MXAO0BGPN07JTJ7O78AQ950WWRJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1176	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Hijacking is illegal.	See above.  	Same as for pfishing, need to check the legalities.	I'm not personally aware if studies like this are legal,  The researchers should consult lawyers on the legal aspects of this.	See above.	Hijacking is also illegal, the researchers are actually behaving worse than the spammers.	I'm pretty sure it's illegal to hijack someone's FB account.  They could simply ignore the negative posts and track the reactions to the positive ones.	Please see pfishing response.  This needs to be stopped.	Pfishing is another means of identity theft, and needs to be stopped.  My friends, family, and I would gladly participate in a safe research project like this, whether we knew of it ahead of time or not.	There are several fake warnings out there now, and there needs to be a means of knowing if it is really a threat or not.
A1CFPEV7W2ZDC2	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BUONPN	InsertPosts	265	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes i do		no			hmm		yes		
A1CG80Y4DFVB9	33PPO7FECVGBY2GJCPP82U0XBCMDIE	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	518	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no		I heard about this, and the problem was that participants were never explicitly allowed to opt in or out except in a vague and massive terms of service agreement. 			I just know that encountering a security warning and being prompted somehow to ignore it would disturb me. 	It sounds no more harmful than the original spam would have been		This doesn't seem so troubling because I have the option of entering or not entering my password. 	The ultimate results are likely to increase security, and no harm is done to participants	I think some of my less-savvy friends and family members would be upset by it. 
A1CGUFW3R6M234	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHL2DZNK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	899	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A1CK24JVR89YXY	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7XIR9R	Twitter	1783	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Again, I believe spamming is a big problem. But I am not sure I can stand behind an experiment that isn't upfront from the beginning. I would not like learning my computer purchases were monitored by an outside organization.	Facebook just did a study that showed people are affected by their friends' posts, be they negative or positive. But what are they going to do with this information? Force people to only post positive things? I just don't see the purpose of this study. And people were very unhappy with Facebook for manipulating their feeds without their consent.	Caution should be exercised to make sure no personal information is unintentionally recorded.	Obviously, researchers should be careful with the personal information they extract from the study.	Since there is no personal information being collected, I see no harm. And in fact it sounds like it could help by making security warnings more effective.	Even though the researchers will not collect personal information about the users who respond to email, it still seems like an invasion of privacy. First by the spammers, then by the researchers.  However, if someone is frequently clicking on spam, they are already having their privacy invaded by the spammers. And perhaps research could help stop the spam. So therefore I am undecided how I would feel if someone I cared about was a participant.	I do not see any benefit in this experiment. It just seems like a way of manipulating people's emotion for no purpose.	This sounds important. I am always wary that I am making my computer vulnerable to attack by HITs so if there is more information about my dangers and how to prevent them, I would feel safer.	This might help people realize how vulnerable they are to phishing scams. Even if they feel manipulated, it might motivate them to have different passwords for every website they use. Plus the research might help fight phishing in the long run.	No personal information is being collected and it sounds like this could help the participants in the long run by making the security warnings more effective.
A1CMJRFWUGU95S	3IO1LGZLK9YJONPRTG53JZWRRYA68V	UnnamedCompany	1138	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	As above	Manipulation of peoples without their consent is deceptive	Everything appears above board and the participant is informed of what happened	Again, passwords should remain private	There is no malicious activity and the user is informed of the study after	If they were told at the end and possibly given information on how to avoid such issues in the future I might agree	Manipulation of peoples without their consent is deceptive	Everything appears above board and the participant is informed of what happened	Passwords should remain private	There is no malicious activity and the user is informed of the study after
A1CNSEYK6FAHXI	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19XR4PDR	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	581	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				There is very little risk to my friend, and they can help with research.				Very little risk	Anonymity and the possibility of helping prevent phishing make it worth participating in.	
A1COQN0KWD4WDH	32EYX73OY0AA83UOO796QM5CK8VUR4	Twitter	759	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A1CQ78QW5BETXU	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XF82L5U	UnnamedCompany	474	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent							I wouldn't want to sway an already negative person to become more negative. On the other hand, keeping a positive person positive would be okay. It's really a toss up.	Once again it would be a good lesson to those who just give out their passwords to anyone and any site.	It would be a good lesson to them not to easily give out your password and to really be aware that not everything on the internet is what it seems.	
A1CQ7Y0PI9ZQ6	32ZKVD547FO3T20GDQRF3YA8PM03BA	Control	694	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	gathering data is always tricky, especially without informed consent.  researchers may be blamed as working with spammers and eliciting spam business	missing out on news from friends is akin to stealing	too much room for being sued	not without informed consent	always with caution, but this seems like a relatively safe study- not asking for private information	at least they wouldn't be spending real money elicited by spam...	I wouldn't want facebook to manipulate my friends' emotions.	can't trust anyone with important personal data, even if they say they're honestly not using it mischievously	kids get tricked, do tricking, and life goes on.	sounds like an opportunity to learn how to react to a real threat without actually having a real threat
A1CS1JR0VYAM2T	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKHBUC1	NoAdvertising	248	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no				n/a					n/a	
A1CSDIX05PK9V	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQXN2OM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	398	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	the study isn't that important.	Sure, why not?	Yes-- but security should be paramount.	The researches are infringing too much on unwilling people.	Seems like the participants are reasonably informed at the end.	There is too much grey area for a topic that isn't all that important.	I don't care.	I don't really care.	The researches are infringing too much on unwilling people.	Seems like the participants are reasonably informed at the end.
A1CU2OSP04X44P	3S06PH7KSR50YWKL4I42AVJBUAL1DK	WithoutImprovingProduct	734	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes			As long as audit/supervision happens so that no personal info such as passwords are kept. 			What happens if someone thinks they have ordered something and it never arrives? 	Dangerous. If this does make a difference, it could nudge a depressed person into suicide. 	No passwords are kept, and no personal information is kept. As a HIT worker doing surveys, I understand that sometimes I can't know what the survey is really about before I've finished it. 		
A1CVB58SEID6JS	37UEWGM5HT9UZ63QMJZMFK0F9N5R1X	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1369	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	I think it is a worthwhile survey, but at some point the worker needs to be notified of the real purpose and that no information was shared and no purchase was made.	same answer as above	encoding the provided passwords or using another method to prevent the actual view of the passwords from everyone including researchers should be developed.	I feel the chance of improper use of passwords is too great	It seems to be a worthwhile study which does not appear to present any real problem for the participants.	I hate spam. any legitimate study that may reduce the amount is welcome	I think positive thoughts are a source of comfort to others and can see no harm in conducting this research	provided the participant is sure that it is indeed a legitimate research survey, no harm should be done. 	There is a chance that the information could leak and be used inappropriately.	I feel that the chances of any danger to  the person's identity and personal information is not a problem.
A1CZOA8S0KHTK1	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZH2DPKK	Control	671	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes						I don't think not informing the users (participants of the experiments) is right.				
A1D05CLZ03L5KH	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ538YR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	218	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1D0C0LV5259S6	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7MGAL2	WithoutImprovingProduct	505	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Measures need to be taken to make sure credit card info or other personal info isn't somehow acquired. 	I believe people should be aware that they are involved in this somehow, so they know that their news feed is being manipulated, but I know doing so might alter the study results. Something along the lines of a sign up saying you're willing to participate in research for Facebook without the researchers having to blatantly state what they're looking for?	As long as it's very moderated and passwords are extremely protected, I don't see any harm in this.	If nothing else this could be a good lesson for people to learn how to tell when a website is safe or not.	As said above, I can't think of any negative side effects from this experiment.	Since they aren't collecting personal info, I don't see the harm in testing this.	Seems like a safe experiment	I'd like to see the results of this study, I think a lot of good can come from this to prevent hackers to some degree.	Assuming no passwords would be compromised, this is a very good study	I don't see any harm in this experiment.
A1D1DV3U4A005I	3NGI5ARFTT69NTNB9RVXAP008TOP1M	WithoutPublication	456	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		I don't think emotional manipulation is okay.					I don't think emotional manipulation is okay.	If there is really no way for the passwords to be stored and all researchers are honest then it's a great idea.		
A1D1RRQLXTWE6D	3Z4GS9HPNVBYS9YD2LIPBD0SBTZ77R	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1815	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Only if after the data is collected, the "participant" is told that they were a part of this study. Further, that the participant is given the option to have the data their participation produced removed/deleted after the experiment is over in the case that they disagreed or did not want to be a participant.	Participants should be recruited for a blind study with their knowledge. They should be notified after the fact what it was about and how their data was used. The participants should be given the chance to have their data excluded.	With the option to have their own data contribution removed from the study if they disagree with what was done to them. 			It is unclear whether the participants are ever notified if they were part of an experiment. In other words, does the participant ever know that they were a "participant"?	Participants are never notified that they are participants. Additionally they are never given the option to exclude their own data from the study.	As long as they consented to participating in an experiment to begin with, then it is their decision.	they are given the option to have their data removed at the end. 	
A1D3K0VXUGWT5Q	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1MGJG1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	548	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes									 I would not want my email address used in this research.  I take security measures against phishing and do not feel the need to participate.	
A1D461HLGS89LP	3NGMS9VZTLJOMVSP2NEDNXQQ72WFFW	WithoutPublication	710	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	Not really a security risk	This is greedy research it doesn't help anyone but facebook		This is becoming grey area			This probably happens everyday anyway			
A1D51R5TGP5UA3	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DGU1QNG	WithoutPublication	6269	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	no	It could be dangerous in the wrong hands even though this technology already exists. It should be regulated closely.					No, because it is without their consent even though it serves a greater good.				
A1D5BELP3MD39R	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUAA5ZJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	659	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		Influencing peoples emotions can be dangerous		I think being deceptive like this in a study can be dangerous					There seems to be little potential harm in the senario but a far gain.	This seems like valuable research with little harm 
A1D7233THRVOAF	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5Q7HTOG	WithoutPublication	460	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1DAD6EHH6YBQW	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3GYKDJ	Twitter	1722	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1DC8M1858BRWU	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW647KTR	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	816	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	The users cannot be hurt in any way. They will only benefit from being in the study.	It's not the purpose of the social network - to treat users like lab rats.	As with the recent Facebook news about their experiments on users, the researchers should be careful about experimenting on people without telling them. However, it might be okay in this case because the true purpose of the study is revealed afterwards.	If they have the time and money, go ahead. But it would be better to put that time and money to a better use.	The people are not harmed in any way.	The other person is in no harm according to the researcher's promise.	The person I care about should NOT be using Facebook after this scandal.	If the researchers are being honest about their ethics, then it's up to the other person to decide what he or she wants to do. If they are safe, then I'm okay with whatever they choose.	Only stupid people fall for this stuff.	This one seems safe.
A1DCPMWRNPJSGX	3NGMS9VZTLJOMVSP2NEDNXQQ7XIFF8	NoAdvertising	505	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1DJDT4B5B19Q2	3SKEMFQBZ36QN2AGVKZ4TI19SW6K8W	Control	3360	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no		If I can't trust the social network I use to operate the way I expect, I will quit using it, there are plenty of other ways to communicate with friends. 		no, there has to be a better way to collect data that such an abuse of trust. And such a gross violation of privacy			To allow me to see some posts but not all posts id sneaky underhanded, and i could care less what or why researchers want this data.		Any experiment that obtains passwords fraudulently is wrong 	
A1DK3FVV13STX2	32M8BPYGATNEAMQAEFQG8F3UOGWGI9	Twitter	826	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They should make sure that none of the people who try to purchase from the spammers get viruses on their computers.	If a participant seems to be getting depressed or upset about all the negative comments, they should back off on that Twitter feed.	It could help stop people who are hacking computers.	As long as the student's passwords are kept private and they are given the opportunity to change them if they would like after the experiment, it would be ok.	I could be helpful in alerting people to security breeches on their computers.	The experiment doesn't seem to be hurting anyone, so I would not care if someone participated in it.	I think that participation in any experiment that does not physically or mentally harm a person should be their preference, so I could not tell someone to do it or not to do it.	It would be up to the person, not me.	Again, I don't see any harm in the experiment, so it would be up to the person participating.	They will come to no harm, and it is their decision.
A1DLRYK94PT0LP	3UNH76FOCS60SW11T0AE78HFACGYMX	WithoutPublication	1462	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A1DLVGKWUB1CIQ	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEIKDRKQ	Twitter	445	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		Informed consent is more than just agreeing to some TOS put forth by the company. This is unethical research.		This violates so much! Privacy laws would be entirely ignored. Bad study.			I think it'd bum them out to see only negative stuff so I'd rather they not do it without their consent.			
A1DNPYZKVJ05O9	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX24SGV	UnnamedCompany	243	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no										
A1DP2L19BNZJ2Y	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHQ4FUQ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	666	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				I would be hesitant of them having access to passwords.			I see no negatives or positives to being a part of the study.			
A1DP6NBQ1IKMHE	3B837J3LDOXUTQ2KZ2E6BLNOZL0RSV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1063	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent		same as my answer above					These people are apparently unwilling participants in a scientific study. If such a study had no effect on them, I wouldn't have a problem with it. But since the researchers are making changes to their news feed without their knowledge or consent, or even having consented to participate in a study, makes me think this is an unethical study.   	Since there is ultimately no harm done to the participant, I don't see any problem with this study. 	I have no problem with this study since, ultimately, there is no harm done to the participant. 	I, personally, don't have a problem with this study. I don't see any harm to the participants. The only reason I chose the option I did, rather than "Yes", is that I think the participants, themselves, might feel different. Although if it were me, I don't think I would have a problem with it at all. Since there is no actual security risk, I think the deception is a minimal "risk."
A1DQGASPACYYJX	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALSN5CJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1DU5P3DMNJ44M	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KUQLIM	WithoutPublication	1064	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes				With univercities permission and security. 		The user should be notified immediately after any purchases of the experiment. They might get angry regardless, however.	Don't see any harm, and seems like a useful experiment that extends beyond Facebook.	No data is collected.	As long as passwords are kept secure, I don't see any harm.	Most experiments involving humans seem to involve deception. I do not believe in this case, many would mind it. They should just be told they are in an experiment and unexpected things could happen, but that they are safe.
A1DUH3RLI00YQM	39PAAFCODM1N1XWGXMO6MN8DM0QVTW	Twitter	976	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Anything that reduces the volumn of spam generated is a good thing.	Sounds like a waste of time to me.	Research will help internet users.	Should help reduce the amount of phishing that goes on daily.	I believe it will provide a valuable service to internet users.	I would want them to receive less spam.	Not really sure this is of any value.	Sounds like it will provide tactics for protecting online activities.	Sounds like another good study to help online users eliminate more negative attacks.	Sounds like another idea for greater online security.
A1DWBU340VML1F	37Z929RLG99795FC3RJ1B0O6NY5ST1	InsertPosts	1193	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Sounds to risky.  The attackers might be able to detect that the site is being altered and monitored.	This research seems pretty harmless.	They would really need to give an option at the end of the survey telling them of the deception and allowing them to choose if they want their info to still be used.	I am on the fence about this one.  I think it is because they will be getting the friend info by looking up facebook (social media) sites.  I'm not sure how I feel about this.	I don't see any problem with this experiment.  It might help participants as well as researchers.	They would have no choice as to weather or not they participated.	This research study has no real risk.	I think as long as the information is not being shared and all answers are secure I would be fine with someone I cared about doing this.	Since they will be informed after and be allowed to choose weather or not their information is used.	There is no real risk involved.
A1DZMDFI9U604W	3L2IS5HSFAJPT52WV0SPH202JDKNUR	WithoutImprovingProduct	832	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A1DZWXO2TN309J	3PWWM24LHSZV6M6Q6ET0TMFFB1082O	WithoutPublication	168	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1E1XXSCJHEA3T	3I3WADAZ9Q5QQBCTVEKUOF8RA4CO51	Twitter	1063	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			Some people might feel their privacy was invaded.					Even if people say they won't use your password you never really know cause all it would take is the guy cleaning the floor at the end of the day to see a computer screen that somebody forgot to turn off. 		It's not a particularly dangerous experiment so if someone I cared about wanted to be included or didn't want to be included it wouldn't matter to me.
A1E34X8U0MMNSM	3ERET4BTVMAQ17TQ0C5ITEWKCZ8K9Z	WithoutImprovingProduct	1117	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Harm could be caused by not informing people that their purchases are "fake".	The researchers did not obtain any kind of informed consent and are manipulating the "news" feeds, which should objectively present posts.		Although informed consent is not obtained beforehand, no harm is likely to be caused. Additionally, sufficient debriefing is provided as well as the opportunity to opt out.	The experiment, as it is planned, takes the necessary precautions and seems like it would not cause any harm or violations of consent, while gathering important data.		The effects of this experiment are unclear, and some people may be more prone to negative influences than others.		This experiment is unlikely to cause any harm and might even help participants become more aware of phishing.	I don't think this experiment would cause any harm to participants.
A1E3XNZI8NW1FH	3ZY8KE4ISJ4A9H4OGIUBHIXQ2WQQVI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I think they need to have consent. 			I believe that the researchers need to thoughtfully plan this experiment out so it won't anger any students. 	I think this is a valuable experiment.  I think the researchers need to be careful about infecting a computer though and if there is any repercussions that come with that. 	I think that Facebook is suppose to be a private thing of one's life and shouldn't be brought into research without consent. 	I think this is a valuable study, but the researchers need to be careful when tricking individuals who have not consented to the experiment. 	I feel that this isn't fair as the student has no knowledge of the experiment ahead of time. 	I think that researchers needs to examine this topic because security is a very important feature of a computer. 
A1E4K9G6ZKPKX4	3R08VXYT7CWDIOZEATQ13TZ94CWW7Q	UnnamedCompany	2962	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A1E5EGG6LH0LQ2	30X31N5D63R2U9G3XRSKGVYEZ7PSAH	WithoutPublication	5010	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no						I do not care about how much revenue spam creates as it only serves to benefit big business and could possibly encourage more spammers.	Whether or not moods are affected by Facebook posts is not important for any reason.			I do not feel that the results of this study are important to security.
A1EA3SUZ53ZF1I	3SITXWYCNVAF907UXFY3AEZCW7FXBY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	427	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	unsure	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	no										
A1EAXVK72HBUTN	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XHGE7Z	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	606	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1EDUAP3LASBJO	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RY8VTF3	WithoutImprovingProduct	950	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I don't think the researchers should allow their computers to become infected by the spammers.  Spammers are pretty smart when it comes to computers, can the researchers guarantee 100% that the spammers wont get this info somehow?	I think a short experiment like this could lead to some interesting findings but it could also lead to some people not getting the information they need from a site like Facebook.	This is a touchy subject, the researchers should proceed with caution and while not being able to give out exactly what the study is, they need to make sure people know that no information will be kept.	Who's to say this type of experiment could lead to more successful phishing attempts.	I feel that this survey would help the scientists doing the survey and involves very little risk to the end user.	I don't agree with a experiment like this because there is already enough spam out there.  I also would not want anyone I care about to give out their credit card info in ANY situation like this.	I don't really agree with this experiment but I don't feel that it is harming anyone.	As long as this experiment is no related to hackers, I want someone I care about to do this experiment so they will know not to give out their passwords.	I don't want someone I care about to be exposed to this kind of phishing scam.	I have no problem with this deception study and people I care about should do this so they are aware of what security risks are.
A1EEB5L929XP6W	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XJQ216	Twitter	1425	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	They are making individual's lives worse instead of better.	They are manipulating things without having their consent! This is not okay!	They are getting everything approved by the IRB and being very ethical about it, so I like it.	If there wasn't full disclosure, I wouldn't like the study. I'm a bit concerned that students are a part of the study without giving their initial consent.	Some people may react to stress differently than others.	Disrespect for participant's life and their computer. Definitely no.	There is no consent to participate!	Full disclosure is happening after the study, so it's good.	I think that this is important information to learn about but they are not telling the students before..they don't have a chance to agree to participate or not.	It really wouldn't impact me. It doesn't have any negative long-term consequences, so it's fine.
A1EFW9P6ZTN89R	3MB8LZR5BFUL29UZP988YNNFCSJLKP	InsertPosts	9760	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no			If the rewarchers continued with the experiment it would show how you can avoid being hacked. But some researchers might not be honest.				I would not want to chance something going wrong and she got hacked.	I couldn/t trust that the researchers would not use the information.		
A1EGJ0KJG2QFB4	3LRLIPTPEQA46Q3VSIJIP974IFNKA7	Control	372	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes						Spam should be illegal.	It seems like a boring study.	It would be a valuable lesson.		
A1EHERSHAH0WRB	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGVBF9T8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	486	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	seems rather dubious						it would be up to them	too easily potentially abused 	too personal	
A1EI4NMV2EHSIY	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJH1C51L	WithoutImprovingProduct	2336	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Only if the people were informed afterwards.	FB is bad enough decided what it thinks I want to see!	Its a terrible idea	Its a terrible trick/experiment to play on people	Its not a bad idea, but the participants might close out the page and not get paid for their hit, which would be deceptive and wrong.				Its a terrible idea	
A1EI9N8S1QO1QS	3P59JYT76LLE46YE9C4VKIB2PB5T2C	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1105	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Again, at that point, they have become a spam company	Again, the research is messing with mental states.  It's likened to the Stanford social experiment of officers and prisoners that had negative complications.  On the internet, Facebook would not be able to control what happened as a result of their mental behavior modification.	What if the researchers themselves are hacked and all of the data falls into the wrong hands\r\n	I don't think that actual verification of the password is necessary	Standard practice to get unbiased data.	there is no difference between the spam and the researchers	They are studying how to control people's emotions and emotional states without their knowledge.  It's an unethical experiment an likened to CIA techniques.	I think it could be a good educational exercise to learn how to protect their security	I think that they should be notified immediately after the conclusion of the test.  Sending an email afterwards would likely not work, and actually may be misinterpreted to be a phishing email	It's standard in research to do a misdirection to get unbiased data.  This data doesn't seem harmful to the person being the subject of the study
A1EIIAE0TZTJH5	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUT9V1L	WithoutImprovingProduct	564	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	n/a		does not matter to me			n/a		does not matter to me		
A1EITLFAMKA61U	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCBONCO	Twitter	225	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1EJ0RHN91M42Q	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMLP2D2	InsertPosts	494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	I think it is morally wrong to not tell selected random participants what is going on. 					They should be informed of what is going on. 	I feel like this would be a good thing to know for psychological research. 			I feel like this could spark some anxiety in select individuals. 
A1EM7VA5QR98U2	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKA1SDY	Twitter	547	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	The participants are not fully debriefed. 	Everything posted to Twitter is considered public information.	No identifying information or passwords are actually collected and it can help the public.	Other people who have not consented to the study are being involved.	Everyone has consented and there seems to be no obvious downside.			Hopefully it would inform them of their weaknesses or give them peace of mind.		
A1EOV6PR46OYP7	3WJ1OXY92AHKBP1UJTMFZ4YDND8A8P	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	345	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1EQJLK7WDHB3I	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WDGEG5	InsertPosts	417	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes			its stealing							
A1ER2TTCR2TED7	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICH0RNH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	541	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A1ERQBZ9XVA0LS	3LRKMWOKB5IAQI7DF4TD66CJA0QZ2J	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	468	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	It seems the method of sending spam is too complicated.	This could have adverse effects on mentally unstable users.	This study seems safe since there isn't really a risk.	The security of the student's data should be well secured.	This study seems safe since there isn't really a risk.	I'm not confident in the researchers' ability to alter a spammer's code or software well enough to make it safe for the study.	This could have adverse effects on mentally unstable users.	This study seems safe since there isn't really a risk.	I have questions about the researchers data storage methods. There is a risk of losing a lot of personal information if this data isn't secured correctly.	This study seems safe since there isn't really a risk.
A1ETJBNTO9ZWZ8	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DV1XNT	UnnamedCompany	828	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	It might not be ethical	people should be able to opt out of the study.	As long as they do no harm.	It might compromise peoples passwords	As long as it is a controlled experiment, I would be OK with it.	The people should be informed that they have participated in a study	I wouldn't want them to be manipulated without their knowledge.	They might learn to be more careful with their passwords.	I would never want someone to give up their real passwords, even for research.	It would be OK as long as it were their choice.
A1EU4ZTNW89DS	3DY4FPOOA1PALIJOTXJBM87VYIMVRI	WithoutPublication	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Unlike the previous studies, this one seemingly records no personal data whatsoever, simply noting whether or not the individual wanted to make a purchase.									
A1EW3RIMAKU332	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C037XSL	UnnamedCompany	327	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1EXJ6UPVC0CSE	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNL72SY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1718	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1F0A5O7H394FQ	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG49B5WQN	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1073	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Maybe they will discover that nobody ever buys anything from Spam emails, and the spammer will stop.	The participants have not agreed to participate. Also, there could be negative consequences to making a persons mood worse.	They should be allowed, but they should be especially careful with the information they collect.	The fact that the researchers are actually obtaining the passwords of their bank accounts is too intrusive.  	I think this study poses no risk to the participant.	This experiment does not bother me because the Spammers are annoying, so if it affects them negatively that's great. As for the people that would buy, this would not cause them any harm.	I would not want them to have their feelings manipulated without their consent.	They will not have any adverse effects from the study, and it might help people make better passwords and avoid hackers in the future.	I feel the this study is too intrusive and could cause potential problems for the  participants (nobody should be getting peoples bank info. )	There does not seem to be any risk to the participants, and the info gathered could help people n the future.
A1F0HIZYHTCJRB	3RKNTXVS3MZJSOES7QW2ISI8LSN4AP	Control	338	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1F435Q0CPCZSD	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4NXMEO3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	539	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I don't see any harm in this experiment so yes, they should be allowed to proceed with this experiment.	I don't see any harm in conducting this experiment.	You never know the intentions of the the study givers even if they are labeled as "researchers".	This experiment will make people aware of the dangers of phishing. It may even help people from preventing future cases of phishing.	In order to not compromise the purpose of the study, it would be necessary to give an unrelated task to get accurate results.	I don't see any harms in this experiment. 			I don't see any harm in this experiment.	I don't see any harms in this experiment.
A1F5DF9HT1J4MY	3O6CYIULED2FGZBAN1JCDLDTCXKUW1	UnnamedCompany	551	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Experiment sounds dicy to me.			Researchers shouldn't be going through university information stores to look at student's passwords	The study seems straightforward and beneficial.	I think there is some risk involved to them or their fininacial information. I would not encourage them to click on spam links either, it is a dangerous habit.	The experiment seems benign, so I would not warn anyone one way or another.	I think teaching people internet security is important but people shouldn't get used to sharing passwords.	Don't want their privacy invaded.	
A1F6NOYLVNUA9A	39KFRKBFINWOSZMD6GPRZC6K59OYOZ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	928	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	It all seems very complicated. Plus, there's that issue of not having informed consent again.			I don't like the idea of people participating in an experiment without their knowledge or consent. At least tell them they're part of an experiment, even if they're not sure exactly what it is.			I don't see anything about consent in the explanation. I don't like the idea of anyone participating without being informed.			
A1F7NK13OVLZUW	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXGEQ9ZR	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1F8MOWCCVDIH2	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U2JOWN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1081	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	There is too much chance for something to go awry, like the infected computer sending more than just spam to participants.	This could be harmful to participants who are already struggling with depression or other disorders and to put people through this without consent seems wrong, as does tampering with posts.	They must make the post-study description one which will be read so that all participants have the opportunity to really know what went on AND give the participants an opt-out if they do not wish to contribute their data.	Privacy invasion and using non-consenting friends as pawns....not ethical.		This is a very one-sided study where the participant is deceived yet doesn't learn anything useful (only the researchers benefit from the info gained) AND the participant isn't informed or given an opt-out at the end.	Manipulating posts in order to manipulate mood seems unethical, especially since it doesn't appear in this description that participants are even aware of being in a study or have given consent.	Participating could enlighten this person on how easily any of us can fall victim to hacking since, often, we tend to think that it will be someone else who is gullible and not ourselves. This could give the person new insight to protect themselves.	This involves not only a participant but a participant's friend and it is unethical since the friend presumably isn't being contacted to give consent.	
A1F8RKCA3O05CP	3TU5ZICBRD2CY58B8PJ1P4DIRWX8QZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	13215	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	make sure people actually consent	people ARE pissed	people could get pissed	no harm, can withdraw results	no harm	up to them, no harm	mood is always effected by outside	i know a lot of people with shitty passwords	teach them not to click links	no harm; payment?
A1F9BHGWBCSDMS	3PWWM24LHSZV6M6Q6ET0TMFFBT482C	Control	840	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A1F9WR9I5D1RQX	3WR9XG3T63C19MGU0NKI81GIKRN47I	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1043	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	No real benefit to end user.	No, if they want to find out about this type of information, they must find a way to do so with the permission of the participants.  This is a blantant invasion of their privacy	Provided that the researchers provide full disclosure at the completion of the hit, they should be allowed to go forward.	There is too much room for something to go wrong and not enough benefit to the users.	What will be learned could be very useful for other internet users.  Obtaining this information is from users who are aware that they are part of a study.  Thus, they will have given their permission to be part of the study without knowing fully how the study works until the end.	I do not see how this benefits the user.  Researchers need to find another way to assuage their curiosity	I think the experiment is stupid and would not accurately reflect social behavior or the reasons behind certain behavior	I think that the findings in this type of study would be helpful to the participant.  It would help them look our for this type of behavior and let them know that these type of threats are real	I think this is dangerous and do not see the benefit for the participant.  If they signed up for this experiment, then it is fine.  University giving access to student passwords is a no-no	Because the purpose will be fully disclosed at the completion of the hit.  This benefits the participant plus the researchers
A1FA2AJUFESR5T	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPGZ8YRE	WithoutImprovingProduct	667	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		Same as I stated above.	In these ever changing times it is difficult to ensure privacy, however these experiments also seem somewhat necessary to move forward with the technological advancements being made.	Privacy is always a concern, but at the same time necessary to prevent people from having real hackers doing these things if the public can be more educated about it as a result of these experiments.	Privacy is always an issue, but as I stated previously, depending on the nature of the experiment it may be necessary to educate the public more on security problems in order to further prevent them.		Since this was recently in the news as having been an actual experiment I'm not sure it makes much difference what I think at this point.			I believe most of these experiments have been done already or are being done regardless based on recent news pertaining to these possible scenarios. Therefore, I'm not sure that my feelings will ultimately matter at this point.
A1FAQI6Q4WCS	32SCWG5HIH54UFO8FX7E5LRHGDNP6L	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	467	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes					I think it will be good 		I think is useful			
A1FBBY2JJYRMRI	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1SZW10	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	3050	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	There seems to be too many "what ifs" and the possibility for too much personal/financial info to be shared.	I think that by changing a person's Facebook posts, there is a possibility of causing problems for the person whose post is being altered.	Again, they must be able to ensure extreme caution and security so that no one else is able to access the information they obtained.	Yes, as long as they are reputable, secure, and promise not to disclose personally identifying information, including the passwords.	Again, no real threat means that I would support this research.	This sounds like a very risky experiment.	I believe that this could cause problems by altering what a person actually posts for their friends and family to see.	If performed under extreme caution and security, I would not object to this research.	For the purposes of research, I would not oppose someone I care about being included, if it is for the common good.	If there is no actual threat, I would support this research.
A1FBO95OVBYOH1	3XIQGXAUMC9S7O44KYMN5CDGDF97X3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	626	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There may be some ethical issues if the participants have no idea they're participating in the study.	There may be ethical issues if the participants don't know they're particpating.		Everything should be fine as long as they debrief and provide the option to opt out.	It seems like they are following all proper protocols.					
A1FCOYD9W280QC	3C6FJU71TQUJ546A2210YIY9NWXUYV	Twitter	7540	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1FDZA8XJYG71W	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CGUJZI	InsertPosts	1715	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	analyzing spam email can be a good way of determining how it is sent	i think injecting certain story lines to see if people's moods are affected seems troublesome	is important to determine how people are tricked	seems like important information can be gained	sometimes people can get in the habit of overlooking security warnings after time has gone by and the need to make them more effective is important	seems a little risky at first	seems intrusive to me	some good can come from this	not ultimately harmful	think that this is a topic that needs to be addressed
A1FF5C5BXODWSY	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO5U1623	Control	393	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	not ethical 		same as above	same as above	because its for research and its not harming anyone	it is their property and you should not invade it.	I really don't care as long as the information is used responsibly	because the research cannot be published	because email i can choose to open it or not	
A1FG4M4370KNFI	31UV0MXWNQDGUP1QXJ7P4IC5YYEI57	Twitter	973	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	I don't think is legal or ethical.	I think maybe only do this to those who explicitly opt in to do this kind of testing.	I don't think researchers should have access to other's passwords at any point, too much security risk	No, I think there's ways to recreate these conditions in a survey without resorting to consent-free guerrilla research	I'd like to know how researchers could immediately inform people who try to withdraw that the threat wasn't real	I don't think is legal or ethical.	I don't think most people I know need any more manipulative aggravation in their lives.	I think giving up your real password even to researchers is a terrible idea	This doesn't sound like an ethical experiment, so I'd want them to avoid it	If they had consented to be tested and were immediately informed of the false security threat once the finish/try to withdraw, I see no serious issue.
A1FGNOQYFCXIV	3HFNH7HEMHFRRKETRNVPHHUGFLDQGC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I am all for research when it going to possibly have a positive benefit. But such things should be contained. Meaning on their own equipment only.	Facebook fails to follow their own TOS/Community Standards. I do not support them nor their supposed research.	In the efforts of research I think it is important to teach the importance of protecting ones identity.	Only in a contained experiment. With some information released beforehand.	For research purpose in a contained test yes.	Not sure how I feel about this. I keep my accounts and computer quite protected, so I would prefer it not to be on my computer.	Facebook fails to follow their own TOS/Community Standards. I do not support them nor their supposed research.			
A1FHY6RNR9QHT9	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ40EMFA	Twitter	685	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent			There may be some hesitation or people being mad that they gave their passwords away.	People would not want to give out their passwords unknowingly, even if it is an experiment.			No because, how does the study access their account to remove some of the posts? I would not want their account messed with.	Even though the study says passwords won't be stored, I wouldn't believe them.	I don't like the fact that students would enter their real passwords and the university's systems would be able to verify whether they were valid or not. 	It doesn't seem to have any personal risks.
A1FKDB1SJ3YL7A	3QBD8R3Z21K8US8TH91KJN2DA854O0	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	201	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no		No one should be able to experiment on other people in any way without those people knowing about it and being able to consent or not to the experiment.								
A1FLEBSKMQOOCV	3GD6L00D3SY32QQYHB35TL653WI1MN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	440	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no										
A1FMG3ZLBBROTA	37UEWGM5HT9UZ63QMJZMFK0F9DV1RD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2001	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	What does knowing how effective spam is in attracting purchases have to do with stopping spam? Spam is relatively easy to spot, so if users opt to make a purchase, isn't that their right?	This a morally corrupt experiment. It's already bad enough that users are bombarded with ads based on their Google and cache history. People do NOT need Facebook to control their moods on top of that. To me, it's scary that researchers would even consider conducting this experiment.	I think this experiment would help raise awareness of hackers' methods and equip users with knowledge to better protect themselves. 	Phishing scams are serious and very common. I think any study that help users avoid falling victim to these scams is a good thing. 	If researchers need this information to make security warnings more effective, than this experiment seems necessary. 	I disagree with the fact that these users believe they are purchasing something that they actually are not. 	Why would researchers need to protect users' moods? Users don't need Facebook controlling or altering their moods. 			If there is no actual risk, then I don't see a problem.
A1FPY98E1RKFCI	39KFRKBFINWOSZMD6GPRZC6K5GPYOE	NoAdvertising	5698	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	Seems like too many variables and not enough security	As long as all the appropriate consents are given and no personal info. is used.	How good are the researcher's security measures that hackers couldn't just steal their research to see what works best?	How does the researcher guarantee account information to be secure?						
A1FQ7ZUT6ZV4AJ	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICZC8OW	NoAdvertising	499	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes				Ensure that no data gets beyond their control						
A1FQCA4TQ4I0DA	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMQEZR2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1163	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	how else are they going to find out these result. But spaming for sales is a low business practice.	I don't really know what good this would produce.	otherwise how would we be able to ward off attackers. So yes i support it.	sure, to help ward off attacks, I'm all for it.	I believe that security is a moving target and we need to keep up with it.	Yes, If it is for research i can see it. As long as it does no harm. We might even learn something from this.	My experience in this has proved that negative thoughts produces negative thoughts and vice versa.	If it is for a scientific experiment then i could see it being as helpful.	If the intended victim uses fictious information then it could produce good results.	only if they knew about it before it happened.
A1FQKTT4MUD6RQ	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIO3YJEB	Control	642	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	This one is though because the participants never know they participated. That seems less than ethical.	I don't think it's right to mess with people's pages, especially since they are unaware of participating in an experiment. Just because they have the "right" to, doesn't mean they should. People trust Facebook as a company not to do these sorts of things.	They should just be careful to let everyone know all of the information after the study.	I think it's fine, they should just make sure that everyone later realizes it was an experiment, and is given proper information to protect themselves against phishing, and assured their passwords are safe.				I guess it doesn't matter to me, but I'm not against it. Doesn't seem harmful.	I don't think the experiment would do any harm. They will not be divulging their passwords to actual phishing scams. Plus they can be anonymous.	
A1FQMUV7JJ33NL	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XF9UL5O	UnnamedCompany	796	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes	No, this should be against the law.	In certain setting I think this is ok.  I wouldn't want my news feed altered for very long, because I would potentially be missing out on news about my friends.	No, it should be against the law, even if the purpose is for the greater good.	I think they could do this with a small sample size.	Yes, I do.  They are not digging up passwords or personal information by doing this experiment.	It's an invasion of privacy so I am against it.	I'm on the fence about this.  I would be annoyed to find out that my news feed was altered in this way, but it wouldn't have any major effect on anyone.	I am against researchers trying to get user passwords, even if there are not planning on using them.	I'm ok with this in a student related setting.  I think people could learn a lot about internet safety from this experiment.	I don't think there is anything wrong with this experiment.  There are no privacy issues being violated.  People could learn a lot from this.
A1FRJU3JHHIPA3	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AQM3YJ	Twitter	809	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I believe they should be allowed as long as they don't steal information	As long as the participants are aware that something is going on	All it takes is one bad researcher to steal the passwords	If they just record that a password was entered and not what the password was	Ensure that no security risk is being transfered	They are not taking any person information and are collecting marketing data.	If the twitter user is willing to allow there feed to be altered that is their desicion	There personal passwords would be at risk	 they will be gaining access to personal information	they are not encountering any risk
A1FSI7YTTT6DMG	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOY047SS	WithoutImprovingProduct	228	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	seems really risky	seems like invasion of privacy	invasion of privacy	Yes, it should be ok	seems pretty safe	seems too risky	seems like invasion of personal space	invasion of privacy	I don't see what it would hurt if it's only an experiment.	seems safe enough
A1FTLQGLIFT5ES	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETOWSMJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	233	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A1FUBGE9CHDHU6	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHK9FUJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I wouldn't want to be spammed and don't think others would either.	This is tampering with people's personal social media.	This is extremely deceptive.	This is wrong.	This will not harm anyone. 	Spam is annoying and should never be increased.	I don't like the manipulation of people's personal feeds used in this experiment.	I think hacking is just wrong.	This is horribly deceptive and people should just be educated about phishing rather than deceived into it.	I don't think this is going to harm anyone, so I would be fine with them being included.
A1FW0JMP4N7TMW	3R5F3LQFV2LOXPWI22RADJFMBDQOZY	InsertPosts	259	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	Because the results could help make the Internet safer.					Because it seems like people wouldn't learn from it (since they wouldn't know they were in an experiment)	Facebook already manipulates your views enough - I'd rather not have them do it more.	Because I think they would be really annoyed at finding out they were part of the experiment.	College students need to have these experiences to learn how not to do it :-)	There seem to be no real consequences to participating.
A1FWIM7BJ2HQVR	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSG7AZLF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	311	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent								I don't believe there is any harm in the study, so I don't care if someone I care about is a participant		
A1FZ4YXYNJAVH3	3P59JYT76LLE46YE9C4VKIB2P522T6	WithoutPublication	486	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent		Not without consent. 		Unsure as to the benefits		Sounds dangerous				
A1G0TFLANRCV9V	386PBUZZXFYQRPOH7O8WX8N2X06LJ7	Twitter	565	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	For the reasons stated above.	Emotion manipulation is a dicey subject at best.  It hits people close, even when they themselves are not the target of it.  It feels like an invasion of privacy.	For the stated reason above.  This would hopefully give others some education on what to look for in the future to avoid such attacks.	For the same reasons stated for password attacks.	There is nothing terribly startling about seeing a security warning.  It may even improve a person's alertness for real security breaches.	Honestly, I'm curious myself how often someone makes a purchase from a spam email.  I've never had the occasion to purchase anything myself from them.		I have several members of my family who have fallen prey to such tactics in the past.  An explanation my help them understand why they fall for it.	For the same reasons stated for password attacks.	
A1G12EDIB6CTNX	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FLT43X	WithoutPublication	876	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A1G24OXMQ5V06Z	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7ESMYMDX	WithoutImprovingProduct	747	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	Contain control of someone computer without their knowledge is illegal.	Hacking an account is against the law.	Yes they should be as long as they follow the guidelines they say and the law.	There going through your bank account.	As long as they follow their guidelines and the laws.	Sending any virus to a computer can be detrimental, and the survey monitor has too much control.	Their hacking your fb account.	no information is going to be stored. the study is not harmful	You giving them your bank account password and their verifying it.	There is no harm.
A1G3GN1MWUT25I	39DD6S19JPC2LYJT8OOE87L872GZEJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	457	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	It depends on the level of security measures in place.		Yes, I could be quite valuable.	If performed properly, it could become advantageous for future outlook on such scams.		It sounds dangereous messing with one's account.		I think this would educate the general public on what to look for from hackers.	This could be an educational experience.	
A1G5MFF89BEL10	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNJJS2W	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	886	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes			Further research is needed in the area of password security.	Yes, with caution, because users are very susceptible to quickly clicking on links in emails from what appears to be trusted sources.	The described scenario is an effective way to accurately measure user response in a realistic manner.					
A1G5SW4SM252UK	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKAUCUO	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1004	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	no	The risk of misusing or failing to protect user and payment information is too great.	There is value in this kind of experiment, and there could be benevolent uses of the results.	There are other methods to allow users to opt in to this type of experiment without compromising data integrity.	Experiments like this are currently taking place.	I believe the experiment has merit, but I have concerns the results could be used for malicious intent.	I do not see the value of this experiment, and it exposes the researchers to the risk of mishandling any customer or payment information obtained during the experiment.	While I am not happy with the idea of social experimentation of this sort, I do not see any real harm. there is little difference between this type of experiment and the work done daily by marketers.	I have concerns about the integrity and credentials of the researchers.	Experiments like this a currently taking place in the security industry, and help boost awareness of risks associated with phishing.	While I trust my ability to react appropriately when faced with a security warning, I do not trust my loved ones to act the same way.
A1G8SEXSUGXQ10	3VW04L3ZLT7MM3AV2BQLZBQ4FB6XXC	Control	178	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1G90FL3Z9RGDC	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RXC5JMU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	576	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	no	It could affect the person's computer. 					I guess it would depend on the compensation. 	I think some people may be interested in the research.			It may cause a panic to the participants.
A1GBSQ781FYNMM	39OWYR0EPKSUMM9K7D61CIX6DA6FY7	UnnamedCompany	839	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I feel that if something went wrong with the researchers attempt to maintain control of their computer that has been infected, they could cause harm to people who were not informed or allowed to consent to this study.	I dislike that this study is performed without permission of the subjects.	I don't personally see what the information gathered in this study would be good for, but that doesn't mean that nothing could come of it.	I feel it is unethical to use non volunteering subjects in a study such as this. I also don't know what positive purpose this study could have, as it only seems to be determining the best way to go about phishing.	I feel that this study would have positive outcomes, since it would be finding better ways of warning users about security risks.		I dislike that this study is performed without permission of the subjects.	I feel that even though deception is being used, if an individual signed up for the HIT, the study is at least being ethically performed.	I disagree with using individuals who did not agree to be a part of a study, it strikes me as unethical, thus I particularly would not want someone I cared about to be part of it.	I don't see this study as having any particular harm to someone.
A1GC3GKIYXGEQJ	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG09558PQTB	Twitter	807	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes		It´s important to have experiments about how social networks affect us.		The results could make user aware of being cautious	It´s the only way he can get results	I think it is risky	So he or she can become conscious of being affected by other´s comments 	That could steal peace off mind since it is something related to passwords	Again it is dealing with a password , I would advise my loved one not to participate	I know there is no real harm
A1GCSTJQO6NDDM	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKJSDSS	WithoutPublication	648	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I believe that the researchers should not be collecting data from people who are unknowingly being held prey to spam. 	I think that if not done cautiously, people could feel like their privacy is being invaded					I believe that this is entirely their choice and has nothing to do with me			
A1GF29TP5AVQ49	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ4IEWM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1009	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yea because it would be nice if spam could be stopped	it is a waste of money that could be spent in something more productive	I had my password stolen once on paypal, and this needs to be stopped	phishing should be stopped	it would be nice to have stronger security warnings	yes, it is not harming them since this is not a real store	seems like a waste of time, who cares	it is a good expierment	as long as the person knows it is an experiment there is no harm done	it is a good experiment
A1GFLFS4YKCTLU	3WRFBPLXRAP5UBPDGGWOUTA26293NC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	661	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes		I don't think it provides very valuable information, and allows the researchers too much access to information.	Is everyone on the research team a trustworthy person?	I think that in order to do this, they would have access to too much information.						
A1GH8C4AAIHDQZ	3ND9UOO81K3CX9OGENRBMYHAZ0ELW9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1549	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I've always thought that spammers don't achieve much since they have such a negative reputation but it would be interesting to see if that opinion is confirmed by the results of the experiment.	if I see something that I disagree with, I might argue with them but I'm opposed to people posting outrageous things just to drive up facebook's popularity	our information should be protected	because it can be a destructive thing when you believe you are giving your info to a reputable company & it turns out to be something very different	same as above, sometimes I will see some warning & am able to tell (through experience) if it is valid or not	this sounds like a worthwhile experiment	just yesterday I saw a report that said facebook has noticed that when people are outraged, they are more likely to use it.  And due to this opinion, they sometimes post outrageous things to increase user content	we should all protect our passwords	phishing is a serious problem & should be fought to push back against identity theft	it's important to know how users determine warnings & if they may be legitimate
A1GHB84BERQ0FF	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46AIWGP2	NoAdvertising	4080	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	there's no negative impact	it doesn't seem like anything negative will come of it	again, it doesn't seem to violate any ethics and seems pretty safe	I would say with caution, but it would probably go against the experiment to inform the involved about the details	doesn't cause any damage	spam email is just annoying	it would really be up to them. I don't see a problem with it	it doesn't seem very invasive or negative so I don't really have a preference	again, there really are no negative results from this	there are HITs like this somewhat often. not this specific issue, but "trick" HITs
A1GI69GPSRNZQV	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEM5U9X	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	958	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	The intentions are good but the researchers won't notify the users that get spam so it's kind of bad for those users and it can get out of control .	I think it's okay to take info about public post as long as the user remains anonymous 	I think it's for a good cause that can help prevent future hacks	I don't think its a good idea to "expose" the passwords of all the students especially since the researchers are not encrypting the passwords back,  so if something goes wrong, the passwords could fall in the wrong hands. 	Might be okay if the participants signed for this type of experiment otherwise it can be a bad idea. 	Not worth the risk to get email spams	people should decide on their own	Is up them to decide this type of stuff. 	it's compromising 	they might get freaked out when they get the security warning and things might escalate from there. 
A1GJDJ60JWOOB9	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZ5D9WE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	764	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes				The students password is being recorded and the validity tested without their knowledge; a lot of personal information could be accessible through a student's university login. I would be upset if my password was recorded by a researcher and the university agreed to confirm the validity of the password without my consent. I understand that my consent could change the results, but that's a sensitive account in my opinion.						
A1GKE70F4D206G	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58GN1N6	WithoutPublication	9624	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes		It is dangerous to conduct such a psychological experiment on a large scale, and immoral to do so without the full consent of participants		It could have bad affects on the relationship between students and their friends that are being impersonated 			I don't believe they would consent to such an experiment or, if they did, would understand what is really being tested.		Impersonating a student's friend is stepping over the bounds and affecting their personal relationships.  	Because the experiment reveals the true purpose to participants it can be educational for them
A1GKHFJHO347CB	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z5AFO9	UnnamedCompany	840	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	to save people from themselves.	Studying human behavior must be very interesting.. and its seems worth while	to test human behavior	becaue no one is identify in the paper	yes no one gets hurt.	I think you may save people some money.. because I wonder how many of those are fake anyway.. 	It would be interesting to see who it worked..	This could be a good lesson for someone I cared about not to give out there passwords so quickly.	this is harmless and may help fight phising.	I wonder how may people would stop and panic and how many would ignore the warning
A1GPZ5REMDQZ0L	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVQ3BRP	Twitter	662	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes			Yes, but there needs to be certainty that no passwords are logged.	No passwords should be stored. No one should have knowledge of the passwords. 				This is a harmless experiment since no passwords will be stolen.		
A1GQ3II9D2UYH3	3TK8OJTYM1MP9539G5FMHD7GX16VP0	Control	188	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
A1GTYHV8OYQQLV	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKB1P5G	UnnamedCompany	902	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A1GU311CN125TM	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594KZ88FZ	InsertPosts	199	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A1GV2N4U8SF9M3	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6P0LNA	UnnamedCompany	704	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	To show how spammers are so clever and conniving.	If an individual begins to post more negative thoughts, that can eat away at one's negativity	To show people to go on the internet with caution.	Identify reasons why people are so willing and fix it		Open emails with caution, especially nowadays.	It would be interesting to see how a friend or family member of mine is swayed by their friends.	Teach my friends and family to not be so willing to give out personal data on the internet.	I would like to see how gullible my friends are to cyber attacks.	One can never be too safe online
A1GV3SF9AKA8BU	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADXOQ18	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	334	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1GVX035P7WPW0	3ZOTGHDK5ICRWDA47AX2HQIJOOEOSX	WithoutImprovingProduct	400	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		People should be allowed to sign up for this, not just be randomly picked. and they should know what they're getting into.	As long as none of the passwords are stored it seems okay to me.	There are a lot of ways tat this could go wrong, and I'm only hesitantly putting this as my answer. It seems like there should be a lot more precaution used here.	It seems like a fairly benign misdirection. I think it's fine.		This is a mood alteration experiment. It seems offputting at best, and with the mood disorders that a lot of my friends have it could be dangerous.		This seems like a really good way to have passwords leaked.	
A1GX1S9IQ0NQFI	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TET72IK	Control	634	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes			So long as the fact that they aren't storing password data is somehow monitored, it seems fine.	Again, need to have some monitoring of the data protection to ensure passwords are being deleted after being collected.		It doesn't seem like you are getting the subject's consent or even ever telling them they have been a part of the study.	By signing up to Facebook you have agreed to let them conduct research. You gave consent. And they didn't falsify any posts.	None of their actual data is at risk, so why not be of help?		
A1GY4Z89KWHWZB	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BXTPN0	WithoutImprovingProduct	2830	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	An ethical review board is necessary to ensure ethical standards are being met. 	I am not sure at this point if it violates certain ethical standards. 	A review board to ensure ethical standards is necessary. 	A review board should be in place to ensure ethical standards are met.	An ethical review board is necessary.		It sounds like the researchers are using some sort of manipulation in terms of potentially affecting a person's mood. 	A participant is free to decline participation at any point if they feel uncomfortable.  However, I do not really want someone I know being involved with something like this.		
A1GY9DK50NZPDZ	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT34IY9	WithoutPublication	467	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Researchers are not informing users about all aspects of the study and I'm not sure if that's okay	I think people should be aware that it's going on even if it doesn't negatively impact them (physically or emotionally)	I think this is set up to be a legit experiment, but it's still worrysome that they have actual passwords.	Same as above				People could still have access to these passwords	People would be including their real information and as a result someone could actually use the information to log into a bank account or something else.	
A1GYB1UO8FRDZU	39O5D9O87TTM37SMRQNAEIGQ73H3CQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	402	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no				This is an important study and will help people to be more careful with divulging their passwords.		This study is different because it is interfering with the computer user's freedom of movement on the web and is defrauding users to purchase items. 	whether facebook friends post happy or unhappy thoughts is not really that important and doesnt affect anyones day-to-day life		Since this is just an experiment, their passwords are not actually being compromised. This will also make my friend more aware of real phishers out there and will encourage them to be more cautious.	
A1GZR4AW2MNUWC	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW62OKT4	InsertPosts	613	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I don't know how effective this study would be and what they possibly could get out of it because spam emails are always going to be treated differently from person to person.	The algorithm would have to be fine tuned to understand the complexities of written language. It might be able to pick up on things such as sarcasm and it would skew the results greatly.	It would be informational for the candidates while remaining completely anonymous. It hurts nobody.	It seems to invasive of privacy to take info from their Facebook and use it against them.			If someone were an ideal candidate and they were ok with being a participant, I don't care either way with what they decide to do.	I think that learning common techniques that hackers use to get passwords and other info would be a valuable lesson for anyone in this day and age.	I think its getting a little too personal for the researchers to go through Facebook friends to impersonate them. 	I think it would be helpful for a person to learn about security warnings online and how they should be treated. It would be informational with little to no risk.
A1H11P4QSM08Y1	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMF31IW	Twitter	314	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes		it'd be interesting to know the results 								
A1H198MRIM37T1	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6D9IRCN	Control	562	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	This doesn't add up. There must be a better way to test spam emails.	Studies on emotions should be done in good taste.	Making a user believe that their password has been stolen is very serious.	Seems like this needs to be studied.	This seems harmless to the person being tested.	I have to draw the line when someone thinks they are actually buying something.	This is also allowable and very testable.	This seems ok as long as a person being tested knows they are within the experiment itself.	This seems like a violation of privacy.	This is allowable and a good idea.
A1H1CQTKO3GP1R	3YMU66OBIN9EERFQ8X8V832FOR0HGC	InsertPosts	404	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1H231DLAQISV9	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTPWS9R	InsertPosts	363	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	no	no									Even fake phishing is wrong	
A1H3TNUIQS76TM	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVDM1S5	Twitter	959	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I'm not sure that researchers should be allowed to proceed because, even though the research is needed, the chance for something to go wrong and provide hackers with the info is very high.	I believe they should be allowed to proceed with this experiment because it really doesn't have a harsh effect on the participants. 	I think they should be allowed to proceed with the experiment cautiously because it would be beneficial in helping prevent people from these kind of attacks. However it could also be possible for a crooked researcher to steal the data.	The researchers should be allowed to proceed with caution because the research is needed but the opportunity for a dishonest researcher stealing there password is there.	I believe that they should push forward with the experiment because the research is highly needed.	I wouldnt want someone I cared about to be a candidate for this experiment because it sound as if one little mistake by the researchers and there data would still go to the spammers.	I have no preference to including a person I cared about in the experiment because I don't think the reason for the study is really important.	I would want them included in this experiment because I feel like they would be easily susceptible to this kind of attack by a hacker.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about to participate in this experiment because of the risk of there bank password falling into the wrong hands. 	I would want someone I cared about to participate because I believe it could not only help the researchers but also the participant. 
A1H669EN9IJVZW	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WLG3OB	UnnamedCompany	426	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Not ethical	No ethical	Still seems too shady	This is very wrong, exposing user information.			Not ethical		This is very wrong!	
A1H6AZSS5DQ0KD	3I33IC7ZWF39PAZ53CDEPDLA1D2A28	InsertPosts	589	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Seems very thoughtfullly made	Some messages might go too far. ie: Too many negatives could be disastrous on behavior	Ensure nothing shady happens	It could be harmful to a person's real relationships	Caution so that some users don't go too far trying to face the threat	Don't see how it hurts anyone	Seems relatively harmless	As long as things are legit, I don't see the issue	Seems overly deceptive. Taking data directly from Facebook seems a little too far	Doesn't seem like it's harmful to anyone
A1H72BVZEDUFZ7	3RXPCZQMQPC3AGUC685AGGM872SG10	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2083	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	Yes with caution I think by modification the experiment can be enabled.	I don't see any issue with the experiment.	If it's for the common good than it should be allowed. 	With caution and the right intention it can be done. 	I believe that with caution the experiment can happen. 	I said no because that might mess up someone's computer in the process of conducting the research.	I don't see any issue with the experiment. 	I feel neutral about it, depending on her experience.	It's a fake site so there are no real consequences.	Yes, because it's not going to have real consequences.
A1H95TGQZSN1P1	3TPWUS5F892JU5UA1AYCJFRN5QJCW1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	12970	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1H9WSOHXZPM07	3HFNH7HEMHFRRKETRNVPHHUGFICGQV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	459	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	No really, anything to stop the spammers.  Cluttering up my inbox with crap and redirecting me to unsafe links...jerks.	I get trying to protect psychologically-sensitive users, but I don't think algorithms and cold hard data can determine whether a post is happy or sad.  Sure there are trigger words but then there's sarcasm and the CAPSLOCK HAPPY generations.		Stop the phishers too.	I know people who ignore security warnings if they're not "stern" enough and frankly, anything to force them to be smarter is a-ok by me.	Anything to stop spammers.	Since the candidates will be kept anonymous, it doesn't matter what I think of them joining or not joining the study.			Unless they're getting paid, doesn't bother me.
A1HAFG66FZPJ9O	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QAG1LYB	NoAdvertising	905	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		some of the negative comments may be harmful but they were going to be presented without this experiment anyway	outcome would be valuable	the outcome of the experiment would be valuable information for the public			As long as there is no harm there should not be any issues with participating	they will be debriefed afterward no harm done by participating	no harm would be done	they will be debriefed afterward no harm by the experiment
A1HAHIWC3YXBW7	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALTD5CB	WithoutPublication	2533	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think that as long as they stick to the anonymity, and do not do anything to encourage this behavior in the future, it will not harm anyone.	There is no informed consent and their everyday dealings are being manipulated without their knowledge.	AS long as the participants are aware they are participating, even if they dont have all the details, it is fine.	They are participating in an experiment without knowing about it. manipulating them with friend's names which they should not have is also a privacy issue.	I think it would be fine since participants are aware they are participating in something, but just not the details of it.		I don't think it will affect them too much.			It does not seem they will come under any harm.
A1HBIE5LRTQK1L	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD2X16EF	Control	681	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Sure, research is healthy.	Research is good for progression in society	Research is good for a community.	It certainly appears to be a earst while study, the validating of passwords is a bit tricky I suppose.....	Research is good.	Rarely do I seek to influence others; I prefer to listen to their needs, wants, hopes and let them talk through their own situations, without ever offering any real advice.	To each their own	I rarely offer advice to friends on how to proceed with things in their lives.	We all exercise free will, so be it for someone I cared about.	People shall do as they see fit for themselves
A1HDRB3VB48WJ8	304SM51WA357DJLV35SGB6IKHRFSBL	NoAdvertising	890	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes				The benefits outweigh the risks involved.				The concept of the study is crafted based on reasonable facts.	The facts and intent of the study is genuine and it only rational to accept inclusion.	
A1HDTWGPSPCBPC	39JEC7537U26FGU5B0TGXD89YJKVCH	Control	3801	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	the more we know the better	ofcourse and the public should be able to see the results	oh my yes 	I think the more we know the better we are	the more we know the better	I would recommend it, so they gain knowledge	I think anyone that QUAIFY'S SHOULD PARTICIPANT	it's good to gain as much knowledge as possible	it's important that way they can understand how dangerous this is.	its a great idea
A1HDV2YGU6LASM	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8E9EWZV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	545	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Careful security must be monitored to ensure the infected computer is under control.	Be careful to understand that adding mood alterations, if their hypothesis is correct, could also adversely affect mood.	Asking users to enter passwords in non-secure sites could pose threats for 3rd party harvesting.	Password data should be protected by the University, even if for scientific purposes.	No risk.	No personal information compromised.	It doesn't bother me as its a randomized experiment.	If the passwords are not being collected, there is no harm.	It's important to be aware of effective phishing techniques, but knowing that a friend's password was comprimised could lead to uneasy feelings for that individual, even if only for an experiment.	Fake security risk means nothing is compromised.
A1HGJ7P0U12ZH8	3JWH6J9I9SEAX6TQV9BUCC8EUQUBNB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	445	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	I don't see anything fishy or wrong about this study, they should be allowed to do it.	Some people see it as wrong, but I personally don't have many issues with it.  They're still showing you what your friends post.	Interesting study, as long as they don't compromise anyone's data I'm fine with it.	The results would be enlightening and informative.  But they should be careful not to compromise the passwords or sensitive data of any of the participants	This study could be helpful, and no one is being compromised here.	Same as before, but this study is less interesting to me.  I wouldn't care either way.	I don't use Facebook much, but it's an interesting experiment.  I do remember some people were upset about it though, so I can see both sides.	Interesting study, as long as they don't compromise anyone's data I'm fine with it.	It's an interesting experiment, and I don't see a downside to being a participant.	There are no downsides to being in this study.
A1HHW2PWL27C36	3PJUZCGDJ6H666RPRN8F39NTHV289K	Twitter	2393	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	This is valuable research as many people are the victim of spammers			The only part I don't like is the facebook use to find friends.  need to specify if they would only use people who made that information public, or if they woudl somehow access private information					little actual danger to the participant, important information about phishing attacks could be gained	
A1HJQOM5VKSJHY	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P5579BJ6Z	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	no		I don't see why they wouldn't be able to proceed. 					I don't think I'd want my friends to participate in a study involving social media. 			
A1HJZZ2PCUMDOU	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE942ATQE0	NoAdvertising	721	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	I'm 50-50 on this one.	everything is confidential.	Because, as long as no worker/researcher actually does take one or ten, you are definitely helping others. 	It raises awareness. nothing illegal.	I'm just really not sure if there is any invasion of privacy here. otherwise, go for it!	sounds sketchy.	Again, nothing specifically pulls me one way or the other.	Because i wish some of my family and friends wouldn't fall for that.	this would raise awareness.	It seems harmless, but nothing makes me want my friends to do this.
A1HKXCQXXGQFA	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASWNLE7	NoAdvertising	707	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	They are not causing harm or changing any behavior. they are simply observing. 	There are some ethical issues surrounding this. How safe is it? What if one user is in the negative mood and then falls into depression, or even become suicidal? What are the safeguards?	Because "the researchers will not actually steal, collect, or store the passwords that users type."	The reach into a  person's personal life without consent it too much.	Safeguards are in place and there is no actual security risk. 	The researchers are not actively doing anything to a person. They are simply monitoring what is happening. 	I wouldn't want their moods to be artificially determined. 	Because "the researchers will not actually steal, collect, or store the passwords that users type".	The researchers are violating the person's privacy. They first crawl the user's facebook profile to get their friends, and then obtain the person's password BEFORE the user has any say in being a participant in the experiment. 	There is no actual exposure to a security risk. 
A1HNS8VFGM0EJ8	3WS1NTTKEYDXPRDZZ5VSKQ3M15F0FV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	People's time is valuable					Time is valuable to people			Time is valuable	
A1HOM4EPR5U87K	3R08VXYT7CWDIOZEATQ13TZ94CE7WJ	WithoutPublication	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Spammers are smart people. I would recommend being careful about letting your computer be infected with spam as it could have spyware added on.		People could get mad over a study like this. I would advise caution.		This experiment would have real value. I believe people don't take threats seriously these days.	I wouldn't want anything bad to happen. Something could go wrong and they could be the victim of identity theft.				
A1HSYVUMRWNK87	3VFJCI1K4Z0R3LTT42KPM74LB8DRGE	UnnamedCompany	1457	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They are doing no harm.  	Those who are affected by this experiment should be informed before it is conducted.		The researchers are not planning to commit any crimes or do any harm to those who are involved in the experiment.  Therefore, there is no reason for them to not proceed.					It would not bother me either way as this is being done for scientific research.	
A1HTLKNMX2K3NT	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RYAUFTS	NoAdvertising	351	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Tracking someone's computer use without telling them they are doing it seems illegal and/ or unethical.	Not informing people they are being studied and their computer/ personal accounts are being manipulated is illegal.	Users know they are part of an experiment.	I think even if they tell them afterwards, using them as subjects for study without first informing them is illegal and unethical.	The participants know they're doing a HIT, so seems okay by ethical and legal standards.	It sounds invasive to privacy and involves a lot of factors that, if they were not properly done, would result in some issues.	Privacy invasion.	If the person is aware they're part of an experiment this seems like it would be okay, I would be somewhat worried they'd use their real passwords, though, and if the experiment was not done correctly that might lead to privacy leaks.	This also seems like it could go wrong if not carefully performed.	This seems possibly okay, as the people participating are aware they're in an experiment.
A1HUG36327HV6H	3F6KKYWMNB23C3RA952072WEXBWNDK	WithoutPublication	1984	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	yes		See previous explanation. The same hypothesis could be tested not only with greater control, but also with less invasion and manipulation of the participants "personal" life. 	Data recovered may not be useful to goal. Experiment does not account for false information provided. Such responses are unlikely to be statistically relevant, but more information on method is required to make objective assessment. 	If phishing site which collects passwords is not accessible by researchers or any person not affiliated with the university resources requiring this password, proceed. Anonymity is moot point once password has been compromised.   			Facebook is not an appropriate forum for such testing. "Participants" are not stated to be, at any time, notified of their participation in such a study. While Facebook has executive control over the use of the information on their website, I do not believe it is ethical to manipulate their users in such a fashion for what equates to marketing research. Automated algorithms to determine positive or negative mood are also subject to significant error. Far too many potential variables for experimental results to be valid. Did a business management undergraduate think this up?	If experiment only determines whether or not a password was given, the subject is safe.	No guarantee that collected passwords will not be used by researchers. Better set up through specialized university page that does not compromise use password.	Threat to participant is minimal. 
A1HW17394KQL8H	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA95L42A	Control	624	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		But Facebook went ahead and did this without letting users know.								
A1HXTMUBAHY0U6	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGOKDBR	NoAdvertising	1527	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	The spam will be sent out inevitability, researchers might as well piggyback on it that better understand it.\r\n	See above answer.  \r\n	While this information is value to both the researchers and the participants, it is deceptive,  and the reserchers should consult good lawers beforehand. 	It's all thiers if the University administration is on board. But this inevitability does increase the risk that student's information will be compromised\r\n	This is extremely useful information,  not only for how we study Internet users, but also for possibily improving Internet security protocol. 	Yes, it is valuable information. Doesn't matter from whom its collected. 	Fb is a free service that users freely sign on to, fb is free to do whatever they want, they owe nothing to the end user.	\r\n	Could compromise my loved one's information. 	
A1I20G9FII2FN5	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6FIJY5	NoAdvertising	633	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It would be useful data.		It seems a bit wrong but it is for the greater good.			No harm, would be done, just wasted time.				
A1I5KZ6HESPW2H	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVX9RBP	NoAdvertising	444	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes										
A1I9U0HRRM0E6C	3YHH42UU5BGJPJNVLGYQF386YR60LL	Control	895	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I don't think it'll help with stopping spam. 	Sounds like borderline censorship.		They will have access to the student's actual real passwords to use the University systems. How will these passwords be safeguarded?	As long as they're not exposing people to actual security risks, it sounds fine. 	This seems like a useless experiment. What qualifies as spam? What about emails from actual legitimate stores? Wouldn't it be just as effective to study how often people purchase from emails that they didn't sign up for but receive from legitimate businesses? 	This seems totally useless. Also, your hiding friends' posts from users, which negates the purpose of Facebook. This sounds like it's bordering on censorship - "researchers will not be able to produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users."	I seriously do believe that research into how people fall for these type of attacks is useful. Since no passwords will be kept, I don't see any danger in this experiment. 	It sounds like it would be a useful study to learn about phishing attacks, and doesn't seem to have any drawbacks other than embarassment if they fell for the phishing attack. Since the information is anonymized, it is highly unlikely other people would find out that you were tricked into such a thing.	Sounds like a useful experiment. People tend to click through popups and warnings without actually reading them, so this would hopefully lead to better security for everyone. 
A1IB9LKY3VP6VT	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9EE5TT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	778	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1IG8F14AYEGW9	3KV0LJBBH2MRVVPFF5IKZCOI7MLMRX	WithoutPublication	363	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes				I think it would do good			I doesn't see like it would cause any harm	I could be a good learning experience	It could be an experience to teach them to be more carefut	
A1IK1JPSPHDYOW	3RANCT1ZVFINSWDZSANGQ7082TKBUE	Control	955	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	Yes, but only if the target computer is effectively isolated and controlled.  There would be a real chance that other computers at the researchers site would become infected too.	Down with Facebook!	What's the difference between the researchers and thieves, not much. 	Harvesting friends data from Facebook is creepy if not downright unethical. 	Better error messages would be a good thing, but does anyone actually read them?	People who respond to spam are idiots anyway so whatever happens to them is of no bother to me.	Facebook is evil enough as it is, this is blatant emotional manipulation. 	If the researchers have collected a bunch of passwords then they can easily be stolen. 	Collecting passwords is just asking them to be stolen.  Researchers do not keep their data very secure.  	Seems harmless tot he subjects.
A1ILMLGSXJN7Z2	3HFNH7HEMHFRRKETRNVPHHUGFEGGQR	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	325	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes										
A1ILO7DWH03JBN	3WQQ9FUS6AVPUZ6MP7MBUFIJ53X8B2	InsertPosts	494	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It will add to the already numerous spam email.		The research gained can help teach people how to be more cautious users.	The researchers should probably not have access to the university's system.	The data that can be gained can be useful.		They were not being told about their participation in an experiment.			I believe that teaching people to be cautious about their online security is important.
A1ILV394W9AJVY	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO1AI9MK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	700	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	I would have questions concerning how users would attempt to make a purchase without the revealing some type of personal information such as name, or payment method?			Based on what I read above, the experiment seems unethical, and I don't feel it would contribute anything meaningful to scientific research.						
A1IMI5XVX3VC23	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLE5ZP1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1600	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Since there's no informed consent, extra care should be taken to ensure participant anonymity.	Honestly, it "protecting psychologically-vulnerable users" sounds more like a justification for a marketing study, rather than something that would actually benefit people.		It's about as good as a non-consensual study can get.		There is no chance of harm to the participant, and the participants have a choice whether or not to take part since they choose to follow the spam link.	There's no benefit to participation for the user. The kind of information being collected seems almost frivolous.	Post-study education on the dangers of password theft will help prevent it from happening to anyone who fell for the study's tricks.	Post-study education *and* an opt-out? Beautiful.	Post-study education would be a benefit to participation.
A1INTE02JKRMQ7	3P4MQ7TPPXD8WX4TSJ6LLH8KD8EBBY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	454	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1IOJ2LGMGISYM	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U4RWO7	InsertPosts	581	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	This seems totally fine to me. Since they don't actually keep any of their information. 	I honestly dont think this would offend too many people, it isn't really an invasion of privacy. 	I think it is fine as they arent keeping the passwords but I can still see it upsetting people. 	It does seem a bit sketchy. I am not sure how I feel about the deceit. 	This doesnt seem too harmful but I can see it upsetting some people.	I would be fine with someone I care about being part of this experiment. It doesnt hurt them in any way. 	This wouldnt bother me at all. I see no harm here.	I would be fine with this. It seems harmless.	I would not care either way. I see no harm done by them being included but could understand if they didnt want to be.	I would be okay with them choosing to use their results but would understand if they were upset and didn't want to.
A1IQ69PD2AU3F0	3QBD8R3Z21K8US8TH91KJN2DAFYO4R	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	440	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1IQQV2E01H0IM	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ538U70E	InsertPosts	670	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
A1ITTUFSBFMZG1	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJKM5G0	UnnamedCompany	516	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1IV8V08K6S98Y	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JJCED3	Twitter	868	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	essentially "lying" to people about purchases seems dangerous 		if they are paying and its voluntary, why not?	I think they need to make sure their data is completely secure - and that the credibility of the university will not be impacted by this. 	I see no problem with it	Im not sure if I understand how the researchers computer drives purchases by others, unless their computer is sending the spam to others, but I still would not want to be involved in spam purchases even as an experiment	I dont care about twitter one way or the other - i suspect people would not be happy if they did though	Not sure how this would work, but no issues with it	yes - i see no harm in being anonymously included in the experiment and the goals of it seem scientifically interesting. 	I doubt it would be effective - HIT participants usually know researchers are trying to manipulate them and will probably catch on
A1IWCAELIKUG2S	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2ADJP9	WithoutPublication	13284	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent				Data would only have a biased demographic	Workers will return HITS that cause security risks, so those workers will not be paid AND data will be skewed					
A1IXKR4EJL9CB5	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9U89PB5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	183	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1IYHQPPOACU83	3L2IS5HSFAJPT52WV0SPH202JE9NUI	Twitter	337	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent			see above					highly unethical		
A1IZ4NX41GKU4X	3XIQGXAUMC9S7O44KYMN5CDGDG87X4	WithoutImprovingProduct	419	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	There are only certain content that they should be able to send.	Its not good to manipulate like this. 	They need to help people out there. 	Its never good to trick people into giving out their information. 	There is nothing but good things that will come out of this. 	I think that it would be all up to them to be honest. 	You cant let someone mess with your friends facebook. 	That way they wont fall for these things in the future. 	I don't want anyone to be lied into giving out their information. 	I think its good to teach people about these things. 
A1J0HN53B92XXA	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MUUZCP	InsertPosts	625	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	It seems like something that would have been done before.			They need to think about the long term effects on the people in the experimnt	I see only good things to come out of this.	I would because, I feel like it can help people.	I think it is a good ideal.		I don't feel as it is a good plained out experimnt	It will help researchers make a security warning more effective.
A1J21DM2Z753X4	3I2PTA7R3TVWT6ACHEG4F9M9M5GQK7	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	499	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Researchers should not be able to use spam to infect someone's computer.		Passwords are an important line of defense against keeping people out of your accounts.  I think that everyone needs to be well aware of how important it is to safeguard their passwords.  I believe that this is a worthwhile study.		It's important for computer users to read and understand security warning messages.  I believe that this experiment could help researches find the type of warnings that will work best for users.	Spam is annoying and can cause problems for your computer/smartphones.  	I hate to read unhappy post by my friends and family.		Phishing attacks are wrong no matter what the circumstance.  Even though this is an experiment, people are still being deceived by it.	
A1J3ZOJFQWNIN1	3YOH7BII098OYE6T3DAELWLH3PCKVW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	230	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1J4INYRDDX84W	3ZDAD0O1T1EF5M1BX1POA85Y2DRXTY	UnnamedCompany	1344	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	This experiment should be closely monitored so that people's personal information will not be compromised. The spam could get into the wrong hands and cause viruses everywhere if not closely guarded.	The researchers have the right to make websites better. We should all should know there are security issues in general and privacy is lost when going online.	No one should be a victim of computer crime even if they are not very bright. 	It is educational to teach students safety online. What better place to learn than a school.	This could help future potential computer users avoid computer viruses. All computer virus research should be monitored closely including this in case errors are made.	It is a choice of the other person's free will that may help improve future computer security and anti-virus software.	This may lead to better social network privacy settings so it is my loved ones choice to go online and take a chance here.	This is a choice of free-will and if people dumb enough to fall into a trap they can get themselves out of it and hopefully learn from it.	The school should be able to do this safety measures. The students should learn more about how to protect themselves online.	This is a tricky  form of research I do not trust.
A1J4MCCVJF9KFN	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28KY84NT	Twitter	1422	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1J5CCE0IJJVQ4	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFFU353	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	823	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	The experiment is working for a good cause (stopping spam).	A lot of personal information can be garnered from Facebook, I would be very careful in proceeding. 	So long as personal information really isn't stolen, then I think the researchers should proceed. After all, the goal is to help people better recognize and learn about such attacks.	Again, it seems to be for a good cause. 	I have no preference really.	I would still be hesitant about the other person's safety.	I personally am hesitant to share information on Facebook. 	Yes, actually. It would be a sort of wake-up call to let the other person know that attacks like this can happen. 	Like the previous experiment, this one would help people realize and become more aware of the potential dangers on the internet. 	I'm not as suspicious or hesitant towards this experiment as some of the others because it measures behavior without collecting personal information. 
A1J6NE3UFOMIY	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079TVUOV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	270	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1J9A6AK240KEX	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMVJAZG	Control	298	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1J9UTRSJUAPHK	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO13IM9J	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	541	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	I see no reason why something like this shouldn't be tracked effectively.	I think it's unethical.		I think this crosses the line in terms of identity theft and impersonation for fraudulent purposes.		This is not that big of a deal.	I feel like this an invasion of the person's privacy.		I think that the participants are being taken advantage of.	
A1JE3G5ZXGCGTD	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMFCI1M	InsertPosts	642	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		no harm so fine to me	it will help to learn exactly how vulnerable people are	its good to learn how vulnerable people might be so they can be warned	they are harming anyone by this so i'm ok with it		seems casual enough to carry out and learn	i think it would help my the person i care about pay more attention in the future	the more knowledge they get by being in this it will help them be more cautious in the future so yes it would be good	it seems harmless so sure i see no reason not to
A1JIG1T3ATFSEP	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7JLRLU	UnnamedCompany	460	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes										
A1JJDDZ8HYUDWB	36V4Q8R5ZK1RJUAF2QTKUMEDBC1QM6	WithoutImprovingProduct	653	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes					Again if there is no real risk I see no harm in the deception.	I think stopping email spam is important for everyone		I think it is important to stop the hackers		There is no real harm or risk so I do not have any reason to not want the person included.
A1JJQNZD2UKLWG	31QTRG6Q2TE6DZYELG26OCBAFE2PYP	WithoutImprovingProduct	826	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Any information that be gained in hopes of stopping this problem would be useful.	I don't like this. I heard facebook was already doing something along these lines. 	It will help people understand how hackers work.	People are going to be upset about the researchers going into their facebook accounts.	I don't believe any harm will come from it. As I wrote previously, it would be a good lesson.	Spam is a ridiculous problem that needs to be dealt with. I can understand how hard it can be to get this type of information.	I am not comfortable with the researchers manipulating my friends' posts.	I would want them to know if they were vulnerable to hackers.	Although I am not comfortable with the researchers going into facebook accounts, it will be a valuable lesson regarding phishing	Many people disregard security warnings and proceed. It would be a good lesson. Perhaps they wouldn't be so quick to disregard the warning.
A1JK9DYKWYZZEK	3YOH7BII098OYE6T3DAELWLH3NAVK1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	261	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1JKFMR6EGH99X	3WJ1OXY92AHKBP1UJTMFZ4YDNFD8AW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	706	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes		This experiment seems silly. 	I think it is an important statistic for research and a way to raise awareness. 		Important statistic that is difficult to achieve without deception. 		I would hope the people I care about have solid enough self esteem so that there mental status would not be affected by some inane Facebook comment. 	If someone I cared about called for these hacker tricks, they will learn not to do it again without dealing with and serious consequences. 	This actually involves invasion of privacy. 	No harm done, but might learn to be more cautious. 
A1JKR9O7947TXN	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVXK92W	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	459	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent						I wouldn't want them to take the risk with thier computer.	I think it would be helpful for a lot of people and the results could help so many people avoid negative thoughts.	It would allow the researchers to get their data and non of the participants will be hurt in the process.		
A1JNOFVI58L10O	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETR8MSV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	404	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no										
A1JUAERI4NDH06	3G5F9DBFOPYXWO5LXS7H845PB9FHVY	InsertPosts	1068	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Spam is a real problem and any research that will eliminate it is valuable.	I think posting untrue information could compromise the entire premise of Facebook.	As long as the participants passwords are not compromised, I am in favor of the study.	I understand the need to study phishing in order to curb it, but at the same time think there might be a better way to do so.	The experiment doesn't harm anyone.  The outcome is important to all computer users.	As long as the person's computer will not get infected, I see no risk involved.	I personally use Facebook to connect with friends and family.  I would not appreciate being fed untrue information, positive or negative.	Hacking is a serious problem and I am in favor of finding ways to stop it.  As long as the participants passwords are not compromised, I am in favor of the study.	I feel that this could lead to bad feelings between friends before the fact that this was a research study was revealed.	Computer security is critical.  It is important to learn the most effective way to warn users when they are at risk.
A1K1W7ZQ5VCVDA	3BXQMRHWKZZJBNHWJZDP4NB2ES3MUT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1931	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	This experiment is reckless and potentially destructive. Allowing a spam virus to take over a computer and then taking it over is too much trouble for too little gain. Finding the empirical effectiveness of spam doesn't contribute to stopping spam, and the experiment gathers too many other types of data to be credible.	The experiment seems silly at best. My only problem with it lies in the automated algorithm used to measure the mood of posts. It could single-handedly skew results if it's not made right.	The experiment seems harmless. Just make sure to encourage participants to change any passwords used after the experiment is over.	This study doesn't seem to serve a useful purpose. Banks aren't friends, and shouldn't be confused as such. Completing this experiment wouldn't yield accurate results in phishing protection, since people are far more likely to trust an e-mail from a friend than they are from a business. If everyone falls for it, it skews the results. There's also the problem that the best solution to this, which is calling up your friend to ask them about it, wouldn't work normally.	It's just showing people a security warning and seeing how they react to it, right? I don't see any issue.	I'm not sure I want to know which of my friends or relatives actually follows through on spam mail.	No harm that I can see.	I think it would be interesting to see the responses of my friends or relatives in this kind of experiment, even in their retelling.		
A1K6T4BCZASC50	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKHKSDV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	650	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes			Yes, but with caution			As long as the password data can be assured to be secure and data not retained and as long as the password isn't sensitive like bank password and the data is anonymized	dont want to give you access to facebook account	I have no preference		
A1K7BXC7MCMF11	3XCC1ODXDLCIGAN77YP1GL8NHNIQRO	UnnamedCompany	1133	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1K8OTGLA7FQS0	3E337GFOL996ON11BV38DNZBA4DNGX	InsertPosts	438	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	I would need to see more about how they would plan to protect the personal information of their participants.	So long as they pay attention to the privacy and security of the participant's data.	I would need to see more about how the user's passwords would be protected.	Too much potential for a data breach with this one.		I see this as a data security risk.  If they attempt to purchase and divulge any personal information, this could be a problem.	This looks like another data security issue.  How would the personal information or Facebook account of the participant be protected?	Users are still entering a password into a form, that even if discarded, will send the data to an untrusted source.	This would be a huge breach.  User's passwords getting into the hands of any other person is a huge risk.	
A1K970O24IJ976	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WE2CU3D	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	607	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes						I don't understand, but I would hate to try to buy something on a bogus site.  	Well it seemed like we had no choice on this one, but truthfully it didn't bother me.  Might as well use all that data for good.	Maybe people will learn from participating in the study.	Participants may learn from this research.	I see no issues with it.
A1KA0MUFKOL8NZ	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJIAG5V	Twitter	631	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes										
A1KA494LDKU2JP	3QRYMNZ7FYIATSN7VV2FC6E007HTNQ	WithoutPublication	1053	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	This is a ethical issue.		They would warn about potential dangers of giving your password to unauthorized users.	they could help a lot of students but they could potentially face backlash as far as ethics are concerned	It doesn't really have too much potential to do a lot of harm.	Cause there is always potential for the researchers to be vulnerable to other security risk and I would not want someone I cared about to experience that.	Seems like it would likely to hurt anyone I cared about.	Yes because sometimes we have loved ones who give out passwords without even thinking about it and this would serve as a warning.	I would like them to participate so that they would learn about the dangers of sending out personal information without thinking about it.	It seems pretty harmless
A1KAM5ZQ964VBE	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFFX356	Control	1568	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	I would just hope that everything can then be put back to the original setup.  This could also constitute a violation of privacy by tracking someone's activity on the computer without them knowing about it. 	This is, in essence, altering someone's information without their permission.	The only thing this one has going for it is that a detailed description of the experiment will be given to the participants.  It is important that this step happens immediately after the experiment, so participants can change passwords if they feel uncomfortable with the process of the study.	I think this one is really unethical, especailly when "friend impersonation" is involved.	Nothing personal here to get anyone upset.	I would be concerned that receiving spam from an "infected" site could cause further problems down the line.  I would hope that the spammers wouldn't catch on and then totally inundate that person's email with tons of spam.  Privacy problems here?	I realize Facebook is public, especially if people have friended each other.  However, I don't think it is right to alter other peoples' information for the sake of research.  They have a right to see what is sent to them--good or bad.  It's really no one else's business what's on their sites.	I'm just leery when it comes to passwords, and I wouldn't want someone I care about to have to be concerned with this experiment.	A BIG NO!!  Passwords are valuable and some people will divulge them to friends even though they shouldn't.  How secure will those passwords be in the hands of researchers?  I'm not that trusting, and just the thought of this one makes me crazy!	This one is OK.  No personal information is being divulged--it's more or less a ruse for the real reason of the experiment.  
A1KEA4JU8PE1P	3HRMW88U16R3V15GLSZ5FGNVY32M0T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	846	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes										
A1KFD9BM1TPNZ7	3JNQLM5FT4NQLTQ90324YR1LVYGL2Y	UnnamedCompany	867	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	It's hacking the hackers.  One bad turn does not negate the obligation of another to act ethically.	I see nothing wrong with this as long as the objective is stated and the researchers are up front about what they are doing.	If 'hit' refers to mTurk hits and the like, and the 'survey' or 'task' is such that researchers can accomplish their task in some way, then it may be okay.  However, if it's asking for workers to tap into personal things, that's against mturk policy anyway and I would be against that.  In other words, I think there is a way this could be done that isn't personally invasive ... but it all depends on the methodology.	There are other ways.  This is breaking the law for research and I don't condone that.		This is a bit too manipulative and abusive of privacy rights.	What people do is up to them.  This isn't a 'dangerous' thing from my perspective so have no preference.	Actually I'm not sure.  More in the next question.	It's too invasive and abusive of our rights.	No objections to this one but up to the individual.
A1KHHLRJ9S0MW8	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMW7O8ZF	NoAdvertising	247	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Computer security and malware can be dangerous. 			I believe participants should be notified. 						
A1KJMN63NY8F2H	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSJNDL5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	553	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1KJV3S1EK7LUT	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKB4P5J	NoAdvertising	789	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	If they could prove that they have no way of actually storing a participant's payment information (such as it being encrypted even to the researchers), then they should be given the okay for this study.	I think this is highly deceiving. If people never opted in to do Facebook experiments, then that is not the place for it. Also, it can be detrimental for people with depression or other anxiety issues to be put in the "negative" category.	If the researchers can prove to those deciding on the allowance of the experiment that no actual passwords will be saved or stored, then I guess it would be okay to run the experiment.	It seems a bit over-the-line as far as research goes, with little gain. It's already common knowledge that if someone receives a link from someone they know or care about, they're more apt to click on it.	I think this is a good study to have done. I don't see any real-life risks to be had in it, and it's for a good cause.	This seems like a shady experiment. How do I know if someone were to enter their payment info thinking they're really buying something, the researchers are not the ones collecting this payment info? It's a risk.	This is hugely deceiving, and Facebook should not be allowed to run these types of experiments unless people opt in for being a lab rat in the first place. People expect to be able to read all of their friend's posts, not just what "Facebook decides". 	I wouldn't want someone I care about to participate in any experiment in which real passwords are involved. It seems risky.	I don't like the idea of someone I care about having their Facebook scrutinized against their knowledge, deceived into thinking an actual friend sent them a message, and having their password collected - even for an experiment.	I don't see any real-life risks in this study, therefore I would be fine for someone I cared about to be a part of it.
A1KLKS8ZXG7806	32AT8R96GLAM9IU13W9BGWA86MESUE	WithoutImprovingProduct	552	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent								I would still be worried about the safety of their information. 	Again I would be worried about them entering sensitive information. 	
A1KM4K6O7T0YCP	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSZCLVF	InsertPosts	320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A1KPIUQ3SV7I4B	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTPTS9O	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	6962	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1KQGF9L042R9I	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKJCUC6	NoAdvertising	956	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I think it's work looking into. The results would potentially be helpful.	Again, I see no harm towards the participants and it would be interesting to see the results. 	I think it would be very helpful when the results come out. 	I think it could potentially be beneficial. 	I think it would be very helpful. Security is a major issue. 	I lean towards no on this one because it doesn't seem entirely right for a person to participant in a study without them knowing. However, I don't think it would be harmful for them to participate. It's just the idea of them being involved without knowing that is a bit concerning. 	Either way, I don't see any harm in taking part in the experiment. 		I don't think it would be harmful to them. 	I think this study is worth looking into. Although, again, it involved the participant not entirely realizing what is happening, at least the concented to a study.
A1KQV44UFENUM3	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024CXAMKT	WithoutPublication	842	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		this is fb you do not mess with peoples feelings and personal business! its bad enough fb is getting more and more impersonal with pages people make that is not them or group pages and advertisement is on a rise! also fb already filters what we see automatically which is wrong!!	it helps better protect us. 				this is fb you do not mess with peoples feelings and personal business! its bad enough fb is getting more and more impersonal with pages people make that is not them or group pages and advertisement is on a rise! also fb already filters what we see automatically which is wrong!!			
A1KRIC1ECUISMW	3S4AW7T80BJ0O75W4HLSR6YJF3EL4E	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	341	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes								I think when people have to use really personal information then then the study should not be allowed.		
A1KS8AT520NSGT	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9AGUZT8	InsertPosts	365	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	Yes, provided that the researchers consider the harm that could be done to the participants. 	Although harm to users is probably minimal, attempting to alter their mental state negatively is malicious and could cause harm.		Again, even though information about the individuals is publicly available, creating targeted phishing attacks seems to exceed the bounds of reasonable research. 		I think it's a reasonable experiment for a good cause. 			The intentionality of the phishing act makes me a bit hesitant, particularly since the researchers are trying to find out personal information from Facebook.	It's a low-risk experiment that could benefit society. 
A1KSA3TE2KOW7E	3MX2NQ3YC9VDKKQLW57Q7SZKMH1X5H	NoAdvertising	593	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	no										
A1KWITRMPO7BUQ	3U8YCDAGXPHUGG38DL6MWP708XG0QX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	4880	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	To try to put an end to spammers and hackers online.	I think it is too personal to read negative or positive posts in FaceBook even though it is for a scientific experiment or determination.	Yes I do as I feel it is imperative to ones safety online to conduct these studies	Some persons would be upset about this one so I would proceed with cautionary measures in this experiment.	Yes indeed if it helps users online to be warned of a security issue I think by all means to allow this to happen.			Again anything that has to be done for the researches to ban out hackers and spammers is a great study to be done on anyone computer		Anything to do with security warnings to a consumer is always a good practice. We need more security online that is for sure.
A1KWJ1MMFJB515	3JRJSWSMQHM105C0NHT546GTSJ2E3A	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	741	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	this experiment does not harm anyone.				A security warning will scare a few people. These people may not be willing to take the risk.	I see nothing wrong with this experiment	sounds like an experiment that won't harm anyone.	Passwords are sacred.	difficult to answer. on the one hand, such an experiment can yield great, useful results. On the other hand, people might get very mad that they were subject to said experiment.	Because I know that the security risk wasn't real.
A1KY12JRA99PRI	3M68NM076H8P6S4NSPB3AGRWHV86RR	InsertPosts	1981	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	While this is one way of understanding the infrastructure of spam mail and the rate spam mail results in sales but the damage spammers can do to the operation or mechanisms of the computer is too high.	For those facebook users that would want to be a part of the experiment I would not object to the researchers proceeding with this experiment	The researchers could learn what tricks work to deceive an individual by hackers and while the person or persons involved are initially deceived they will be told later what tricks hackers used ,how they were deceived guarding against any harm occuring as a result of the experiment. With what the individual learns from the experiment they would be more knowledgeable about hackers and more cautious in the future using their passwords and computer use. 	I believe the benefits of what is learned by this research is greater than not doing it	There would nbot be a security risk to any of the participants. The information gained by this research could help to determine the most effective warnings that would be most effective in users avoiding a real security risk	I would be concerned that allowing the spammers to infect their computer and then be controlled by the spammers would be result in an inability or difficulity in getting rid of the spammers after the experiment and could do damage to their computer	The choice would be up to them but I also would want the option to not be included because even though facebook is a social media I would want to choose what I post or have access to post	I think it could be an opportunity for learning experience given the researchers will present a detailed explanation of the deception to participants.  There is also no harm done if they  reveal the true purpose of the study, and reassure participants that no passwords were actually stolen during the study..  	I would want someone I cared about  to see how easy it would be to deceive them into sharing their password	No participants would be identified and would remain anonymous and they would not be exposed to any real security risk 
A1KYYPJP1XY7TK	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NCOFHZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	4027	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It sounds like this could easily get screwed up, so they need to be careful with that store.	Although I'm sure it's allowed by Facebook's user policy, this sounds shady and unethical as hell.	They need to make sure that the passwords and such that are "stolen" are truly not actually stolen by the research team.	Again, they need to make sure the passwords don't ACTUALLY get stolen. 	Nothing too scary here.		This sounds depressing as hell.	If they wanted to participate, cool, if not, not a problem either.		This sounds fine. If someone wants to participate, fine, if not, also fine.
A1KZ6I92SWIN75	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGJV1UR	UnnamedCompany	609	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent			If it can prevent hackers from continuing or at least make it harder, it should be carried out.	As long as they ask the students if they want to be included in the final study, then I think it's fine.				why wouldn't they?  No one is actually getting bamboozled	I think it's for a good cause and there really is no harm no foul.	
A1L29NC43XHO6E	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMJLD25	NoAdvertising	594	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	This is unethical.  It's misleading.  Nobody opted in to this.  You're actively causing participation and encouraging looking at spam emails.	I don't see how it's ethical to exclude chunks of people's lives from what is essentially their blog - enough is given up to Facebook already	I don't know how you aggregate data on passwords without retaining the passwords, so that's a concern.	It's a ridiculous invasion of multiple people's privacy.	It sounds like there's no harm done at any point.	Because you're still invading someone's privacy!	Facebook isn't supposed to be edited, nor are users' mental states supposed to be evaluated by armchair psychologists	If a user is actively opting into a HIT, then they know they may be deceived, and it's an active affirmation of activity on their part.	The plan here is to impersonate third parties to send a scam email to other third parties?  At what point here do you start to worry about running afoul of the law with this level of aggravation of people?	A person is opting into doing a HIT, so privacy expectations are different, and you're not gathering information like passwords.
A1L2N1X8U8Z3W7	3RRCEFRB7MDOBYJKD4WYD32E39X4B7	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	252	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think it's dangerous to allow a computer to be controlled by outside sources.	I think showing all the negative things could lead to negative reactions so it needs to be monitored.	Caution needs to be taken with regards to passwords and data collected.	I think research into phishing is a good thing.	I don't think it's a dangerous study and could be useful so I see no reason to prevent it from continuing.	I wouldn't want their computer infected.	I don't think it's a bad thing either way.	It seems like a safe study so I wouldn't care either way.	I think it would be helpful but I have no preference either way.	I don't think it's a dangerous study so I wouldn't care.
A1L36YSEB1XBRV	3FIUS151DV30EVKFORQDN3QE94SGG7	WithoutImprovingProduct	263	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent								It just seems like a violation		
A1L3OT0N7403RK	39ZSFO5CA8XTAFBBG20XOVJLAR1UJC	NoAdvertising	658	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think these are very valid areas for research		It would be important for everyone's security	I hate phishing and I think it should be illegal	Security is very important		People's moods may be important to study	Computer hacking has become a very serious issue		
A1L652H20HF1KA	31N2WW6R9RRT6JCWISDBMO1T4E23FQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	573	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes						Although it would be pretty annoying no harm could come from this			Do believe this is a just experiment do to no harm being done and the subject not realizing that he's been used for an experiment until after the research has been completed than the subject is allowed to withdraw any info taken from him	
A1L6SW4MV25ABE	32Z9ZLUT1LL264WOWGL3DCBHFM9OH6	Control	329	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1L6TB6UHWRYTI	3XCC1ODXDLCIGAN77YP1GL8NHU1RQM	Control	989	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	If the people controlling the study were to let ANY information leak or be stolen it would be a disaster.	It's already been done regardless of how people felt.	I understand the need to not tell people but they should give their permission before being included in the study.	I understand the need to figure out the extent of phishing but I don't agree with this way of attaining data.	If any security threat did pose a problem that would be majorly unfortunate and would make people very hesitant to agree to participate in anything in the future. 	There are only slight hesitations with this study, but I do like that it is more controlled.  However I am still not keen on the idea of people being forced to participate without their permission.	This study just became public and it made me glad that I do not participate in Facebook.  I understand the need to be able to study this but people should at least be asked if they would like to participate in random studies and have a chance to decline.	People should give their permission to participate, not be told afterwards.	I do not think people should be subject to experiments without their permission.	I wouldn't exactly encourage someone to participate but since they wouldn't be exposed to an actual security threat I wouldn't discourage someone from participating.
A1L8ERUX8LJG6K	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSZOVL1	WithoutPublication	347	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no										
A1L9A3NZ4YBU9U	3N2BF7Y2VQVE61BCJ06QL8MCKFXHM9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	319	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1L9BX54HQYZJB	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEMHU99	Twitter	454	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A1L9HL3733K1TP	33TIN5LC04BLLCI74R692MBVACEY91	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	345	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1LAO1CWN5SW46	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1MW52E8	InsertPosts	696	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes					They should assure that participants are anonymous.					
A1LCEVBNDKEVGE	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEXI2I3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	593	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	Only with informed people	they might really effect the population and cause mass depression		as long as the participant was eventually informed		It is abusing their trust.		to help prevent real password theft	as long as they were later informed	it would stress them for no reason
A1LDEPFTJP3CF9	3NS0A6KXC4905CFKEJE28A6KKJ1GZP	InsertPosts	457	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1LES3P2C6R56I	3LWJHTCVCCNLDKIYG3P7ZWU4EBTFQS	Control	715	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes				I don't like that you have access to their passwords. If you could figure out a way around that I would be okay with it.			The experiment seems pointless as stated. It might not be but then it needs to be explained better.	Since no one is harmed and everything is confidential I'm okay with it.	I don't like that you have access to their passwords. If you could figure out a way around that I would be okay with it.	This could be very helpful and no one would be at risk.
A1LGB9RZX3SR0P	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1LIGJY	Twitter	1240	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Due to the invasive, and sometimes unpredictable contents (malware, spyware, trojans) of spam, I do not believe that the researchers can properly maintain a secure environment for their test subjects.	From an academic perspective, it might be interesting to know how people view their friends' and families' posts.  Positively (empathetically) or negatively (jealously)	As with the other experiments, raising awareness about potential security risks is always a good thing.	I think the data provided and the lessons learned can be valuable, particularly to college students, as they either have, or will soon have, online financial or other important accounts that online criminals will try to gain access to.  This study may help spread valuable knowledge.	As stated before, raising awareness is always a good thing, and to quantify what typically happens to present it in real-world terms, would do a lot of good.	I don't believe that this study can help prevent or decrease spam or increase awareness about the dangers of it.  Rather, due to the nature of spam, I would be concerned about the possibility of infecting the computer of someone I care about and possibly increasing the number of REAL spam coming through.	This seems like a fairly harmless study and I would be fine either way.	I think it's important for users to be more aware of where or how they use their passwords, and how easily such information can be obtained and abused.	I would like them to be a part of the experiment because it could only do good.  If they are currently unaware of "phishing," perhaps this study will help make him/her more cautious about clicking links and inputting important, confidential information into potentially dangerous websites.	It's a good idea for users to be more aware of what a security warning may potentially mean and what steps he/she would need to take to prevent any issues.  Raising awareness is always a good thing.
A1LIB650YAB82E	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVHA1S1	Control	761	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			The majority of people are fairly unaware of the actual goings-on in computer security and what computer cracking actually involves. Thereby, the inherent fear to be anticipated in the unaware population upon disclosing such studies, which are vital, would compromise every aspect of validity in the study.	This is a valid area of concern.			I think there is very little harm to be had from the 'unpleasant' element of the experiment.	Such measures are taken to improve security all the time, if not directed at individual and private users.	I don't suspect any malicious intent in the experiment, and it could serve as a warranted eye-opener.	I see the research as valid. I detect no ill intention, and I think the experiment could be a warranted eye-opener for the subjects.
A1LIMWBKFRVAOV	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGEM7QA	WithoutPublication	334	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	unsure	indifferent	no	no	yes	no										
A1LJ5F9TIW88ND	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8WJUTE	InsertPosts	424	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no				This also would waste peoples time, which is still and will always be rude.	This wastes peoples time, which is just rude.	This could damage their personal property. 	I would hate for them to be exposed to a bunch of negative stuff.	It won't harm anyone and could actually improve software.		
A1LJ5HW2IKWSZ2	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGOL7QT	WithoutImprovingProduct	263	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A1LLEGTWHC4CZ8	3907X2AHF06GCE57SVVBF8A50ZY2PC	UnnamedCompany	800	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	Please see the above answer.	It's unethical to interfere with something like that.	I might be OK with it if it were on total strangers.  I wouldn't want it done to someone I cared about.	Please see the above answer.	I might be OK with it if it were on total strangers.  I wouldn't want it done to someone I cared about.	It seems unethical.  What happens when the person never gets the merchandise they ordered?	It's unethical to interfere with something like that.	I might be OK with it if it were on total strangers.  I wouldn't want it done to someone I cared about.	You shouldn't be looking a people's passwords (even if that ability exists).	I might be OK with it if it were on total strangers.  I wouldn't want it done to someone I cared about.
A1LMGLI5F2ZT4W	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA96E243	WithoutImprovingProduct	216	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no			Not many people will take it seriously.				Facebook has enough emotions on it			security warnings could end up as malware, in my opinion
A1LOD3LNX7FUPJ	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVYG92U	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	230	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A1LP9DMV0QSO4D	3XIQGXAUMC9S7O44KYMN5CDGDJZX7R	UnnamedCompany	235	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1LRJ2MQD4AMES	3X0H8UUIT1PZ1MJ6YWOCYKV5RQIWSM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	407	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	This doesn't seem ethical and spam is extremely annoying. Nobody buys anything from it	I don't have a strong opinion about this either way. I don't particularly care for the fact that they would mess with people psychologically	Yes, but only if they definitely do not store passwords in any way		There is a valid reason for the deception which would be explained to them at the end and they are never at any real risk	I don't think they can effectively control the spam		I would be nervous that they would be at risk	I don't like that they get access to your password	I don't see any reason that the person shouldn't be able to complete this
A1LTN4DCDXRKPG	3X87C8JFV6CUHPNKMNP66VDJ31WQSV	UnnamedCompany	565	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	People would be upset	Might put things in perspective 	People need to be aware	Awareness	Awareness	Awareness	No preference 	For their safety	Awareness	Awareness
A1LYRB07VNMC0O	3X31TUMD7XNJW88DHZ2QT8RG3JR1L4	Control	445	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1M03U3W99BGZ4	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII060FJG	InsertPosts	649	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	People should know of the importance of spam.		Researchers would need the information in order to inform others of password security.	You need to recognize the harm in it happening to people						
A1M1LKSP7ZIZ2W	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5QE2OTA	WithoutImprovingProduct	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1M1TSMJB12177	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0DFGO0	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	346	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1M3TKOACTT6WS	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3B2FPNW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	199	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes		I think is good to see if the person is negative or positive on items		let them know its a test 			its good to see what makes a impact on people		it will help them stay on their toes	it helps to protect them
A1M4X9FAUQLEK4	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMI32DA	NoAdvertising	396	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A1M6MYMUXNH7L0	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7TBZDS	WithoutImprovingProduct	716	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	Seems like it puts people at risk.	Seems like a pretty simple experiment.  I would like to know how they intend to classify "negative" vs "positive"	again.  Information they gather shouldn't actually have a participants information.	Why should we trust researchers? They are people too.	I don't see any issues with this one.	It seems like the researchers have a lot of confidence in redirecting people to the fake sites.  Seems like this could go wrong.	I don't see how it would hurt.  I'm unclear if the actual posts would be included in the paper or not.  That could be an invasion of privacy.	I would need to know for sure the study doesn't get to see these passwords.	Again I could see this having the potential to be very harmful.	This study can gain a result without the participants giving personal information, so it is acceptable.
A1M83GTKN2CYJS	3MHW492WW0EJO26WOPNU09DLSV6MV4	NoAdvertising	473	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Don't see any harm		important lesson	don't see any harm	Wouldn't want them to be taken advantage of		Good warning for people	Think it is important for young people to understand risks	Good information for someone to be aware of
A1M89INUGHC7PH	338JKRMM260D402NMXGLCHRCQW1AH7	UnnamedCompany	500	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		people need to be aware of what they are reading/seeing		only good can come from it		bringing awareness to internet security is a good thing	it will show that when you are surrounded by certain people you will start to emulate them whether good or bad	it will bring more awareness to cyber security	it would bring more awareness	it will bring more awareness 
A1MADOUB1BA0A5	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIENYYGD	NoAdvertising	321	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A1MCMFDHM81T0B	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZMFW3E	Twitter	1060	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I'm not sure, because I feel like they would be violating people's privacy. However, the spammers are already doing this and the researcher's paper could bring light to that. 	I think the researchers should only be allowed to proceed if they allow people on Twitter to "opt in" to the experiment with full knowledge of what the experiment is about. 	I feel that the researchers can already provide people with recommendations to secure their passwords, if they already know how to trick people into disclosing their passwords. 	Researchers should not be allowed to violate people's privacy in these ways. They should only be allowed to collect this data with the participants' prior knowledge and agreement to participate. 	I believe that researchers can improve the effectiveness of future security warnings in ways other than deceiving people in an experiment. 	I would not want someone I care about to be a participant because they are being a participant without the knowledge that they are even in an experiment. It violates their rights. 	I would not want someone I care about to be a participant because their personal Twitter account is being monitored without their prior consent. 	I would not want someone I care about to be a participant because I feel they would be being taken advantage of because it is not the HIT that they agreed to complete. 	I would not want someone I care about to be a participant because their privacy is being violated, not only by being lied to through their personal university email but also through their Facebook profile. 	I would not want someone I care about to be a participant in this experiment because it violates their rights. They did not agree to this HIT because they are being lied to that it is something different. 
A1MDMWZH08R3TI	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZ60W9Q	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	538	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1ME6FJBVV0KZ1	3LRKMWOKB5IAQI7DF4TD66CJA9VZ26	UnnamedCompany	469	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I would only be concerned about what would happen once people went to the researchers' website. Will they be allowed to purchase things? IF so, will they get it?	Same as the reason above	Seems like a good idea to learn how to protect people from hacking	Since the students would be informed, it seems ok.	It seems like a good idea to learn how to protect people from threats	IT doesn't seem terribly harmful.	I find it problematic to be manipulating social media. People use it to know what's going on with others, so to manipulate it seems wrong.	Doesn't seem harmful	It might teach them something.	Doesn't seem harmful.
A1ME6WPKKZ1ZE	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DTQXNE	UnnamedCompany	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Major breach of privacy					Major breach of privacy			
A1MG36BBEEK20H	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKE2SD7	Twitter	423	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1MGP6RT6R6HS7	3X31TUMD7XNJW88DHZ2QT8RG3J7L14	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	367	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	It would be helpful to get rid of scamming, but the means by which that is achieved seems risky	It's not worthwhile information for such an invasion of privacy	It wouldn't be a good idea to show a step by step detailed way of how to hack someone's computer	It's an invasion of privacy and the participants are being lied to	This one seems less intrusive and more helpful					
A1MHARHFINCV0J	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMNZ2VX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2124	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	People are always going to click on spam emails. At least this way people will not lose personal information. 	They aren't creating fake posts they are simply tweaking the algorithm that shows what posts people see. I don't think this would be harmful.	They seem to have the study well thought out and it seems to be designed to protect users data	Passwords are something that people unfortunately use on multiple sites. Exposing the university password could also expose people's information on many other sites. So there has to be a way to secure these passwords. 	They should be able to because there has been so many security breachs, and we need to better understand why they happen.		The study seems harmless and not invasive.			I think that this study would be very good at showing the participant to how they would react to a security alert.
A1MHZXZMK180BN	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LVAXU9	WithoutImprovingProduct	525	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1MNKFDCKN0MZF	3X0H8UUIT1PZ1MJ6YWOCYKV5RZSWSE	InsertPosts	597	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	yes										
A1MNZBLQJOWBYQ	384PI804XS26TWIL5PVRRPM1QLBS0O	Twitter	2046	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes	I'm on the fence with this one.  There's a part of me that is worried here that says the researchers are not really exposing any additional risk beyond what is already out there.  However, there is a a concern that I have about the code that is swapping out the hackers links for a white hand link.  Mistakes happen and if an email is missed are you unwittingly propagating the hack.		There is just too much risk here for this study.  While I participate as an mTurker, I've seen the quality and ethical nature of other workers and as a result I wouldn't trust workers to do the right thing.	Same reason as above.	I see this as completely harmless to the participants and a good source of material to make security warnings more meaningful and/or approachable to end users.				There's a certain education aspect to this.  While a white hand hack is non-intrusive, it also teaches a valuable lesson to the person who "fell for it" maybe giving them some tools to better identify a phishing attack in the future.	
A1MOE2L78YLQW0	34V1S5K3GS2J2S81Y8BHJVR2B4269U	WithoutPublication	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It is very interesting, but they should be very careful.									
A1MOG2NS9GEGSX	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS6SZD5R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	194	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A1MPLE6EID9FL1	3IGI0VL647LUG0IZZEGGIW8D1REONX	Control	1593	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	It is risky, because someone might try to make a purchase that researchers miss, so they can't stop it, which is dangerous to the participants. 	I don't believe in hacking into people's social media sites and keeping some posts hidden from a person without the original poster's permission. 	It's too risky. 	It is very risky. 	Again, as long as there is no real risk and there is a way to end the task after believing a security risk is occurring, then I see no problem with it. 	Spam is a dangerous thing and I know how annoying it is to have an email full of it. 	A person's Facebook is a personal page where everyone shares their thoughts and feelings with each other and a way of keeping in contact with each other. 	It's not cool to make people believe they've been hacked. 	I said no because no one should be allowed to gain access to student's passwords. Plus, someone on the research team may be dirty and keep the passwords. 	As long as there is a way to end a task after the security warning appears, then I see no problem with it. 
A1MQ2KXYJ2UDFK	3C6FJU71TQUJ546A2210YIY9N7TUYD	WithoutImprovingProduct	486	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent										
A1MRG60OUAT5BA	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U3SOWY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	920	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	Little or no risk to those involved. 	Seems little or no risk involved. 	It needs to be studied.	Needs a more controlled group. 	It needs to be done. Too many risks out there right now. This will help reduce the number of victims from cyber attacks. 	No risk involved.	Will the participants be notified and given an opportunity to have their data removed from the experiment? 	It is a study that needs to be done. As long as the passwords are not stored anywhere, then little risk is involved. 	There should be more control over the group selected. No one should unknowingly give their passwords even for research. What if someone with bad intentions got a hold of the information?	No risk involved, plus it needs to be done.
A1MTE8ERPKO6V8	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0RLN23	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	670	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes		this can be showen in many other ways	only if there is safty measures that the passwords are not seen						this leaves people open to having info stolen even though it is a controled study	
A1MTYHDNMXQF0C	3EF8EXOTT1WD1IKDEEQDDTEOZUNJ1L	InsertPosts	479	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	not sure if it is ethical to hijack a link				by disclosing it was an experment	i dont see any harm being done				i like the fact that they tell you it was an experiment at the end
A1MW636UH0U450	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJ27VEY	NoAdvertising	550	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	The confidence in maintaining enough control over the malware-infected computer may be misplaced.	Facebook, as proprietary owner of all content generated on Facebook, should be legally allowed to do this; however, the backlash may be larger than expected.	See above.	Again, too much invasion of privacy.	I believe the security warning in itself would lead many participants to "return" the HIT, thus skewing the data.			Researchers should not be allowed to collect important passwords.	Too much invasion of privacy involved.	If there's no risk involved, I don't particularly have any opinion.
A1MZC8D6JFJQMB	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGA6U1D	UnnamedCompany	814	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no	I definitely think this should be pursued since I hate spam email. maybe this can put a stop to it.	They are manipulating people's moods for their own gain and it isn't right. This should not be allowed to proceed.	I don't think it should be allowed to proceed because we already know people fall victim to these types of attacks. Why not do research that helps stop hackers.	They should absolutely not proceed with this. They are not only involving one person, but also their friends which is just wrong. This could ruin friendships.	I think it is a good experiment but they need to use another method that doesn't involve deceiving people.	It's totally up to them. I see no harm in them participating since they will remain anonymous. 	I think this could possibly cause people to be depressed if they read other peoples unhappy thoughts. i do not want any of my loved ones to be depressed for an experiment.	I think this experiment wouldn't reveal anything we already don't know so having someone i know participate would be a waste of their time.	I would not want anyone I know to be involved in this. Not only is it deceitful and an invasion of privacy, but this could cause a rift between friends. 	I would not someone I cared about to think for one second that they are facing a security risk. That would make them worry for no reason.
A1MZFNRCDQBOB2	3CTOC39K37RRC4ZF3U7ME3512QKJ7Z	InsertPosts	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A1N0Q3QP4OMTZ2	3J2UYBXQQLD16YKOYCSOQKQ98XD06B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	421	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		It says in the terms of service that we Okayed when we joined Facebook that they are allowed to do it. However, I don't think it's morally right since there is no direct consent for the specific study		There is nothing of benefit coming from the study (no recommendations) so why should this actually be conducted?	There is deception but everything is clearly explained and debriefed (as is how surveys should go). 	My mom would easily get frustrated and fall for this. 	It could really harm people's mental health if they're already depressed (being surrounded by negativity). 		They would be giving up their actual passwords	
A1N2KGBW7J764Z	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7ESMJMDI	Twitter	719	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	It's immoral to perform psychological experiments on people without their consent.	It's immoral to perform psychological experiments on people without their consent.	There's a high risk of abuse or misuse of the information.	This is potentially dangerous and could lead to all sorts of problem, such as identity theft.  There is no control or guarantee that all members of the research staff will act in good conscience or that they will be able to protect the passwords in a way that prevents others from using the data inappropriately.		It's immoral to perform psychological experiments on people without their consent.	It's immoral to perform psychological experiments on people without their consent.	I still would not want anyone typing passwords into phishing sites or the like, even if it was for a study.	This is potentially dangerous and could lead to all sorts of problem, such as identity theft.  There is no control or guarantee that all members of the research staff will act in good conscience or that they will be able to protect the passwords in a way that prevents others from using the data inappropriately.	
A1N3NYAM1BYX5U	3I3WADAZ9Q5QQBCTVEKUOF8RA43O5S	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	486	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1N6D9IMLNMQYJ	3HFNH7HEMHFRRKETRNVPHHUGFF6QGT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1450	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	It's manipulative, but they shouldn't be clicking on spam links anyway. Plus, its just a copy of the website so they won't get scammed.	I think its wrong to manipulate people without their consent.	Just so long as its made sure that the passwords aren't stored.	It seems way too unethical, and a bit creepy. But, it is an interesting study idea.		I wouldn't want them trying to buy something from a spam link, even if its not the original link.				
A1N8BW04V76ZSY	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0KYOG5	WithoutImprovingProduct	1853	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		Put Sandberg in jail. Zuckerberg, too.	This might be illegal. Gray area.	The researchers should be put in jail :)	Don't mess with peoples' computers.  Not cool.	Now I really think you are out of your mind :)	Sandberg gave a half-hearted apology, for not communicating this project properly. She should have been fired. This digital Nazism, doing experiments on people without consent.		I'm beginning to think you will have a brilliant future working for the NSA :) Look, this is highly unethical.  How would you like it if you got hacked, even if it's only an experiment? Your password is now floating somewhere in cyberspace.	This is another line you should not cross. Too many viruses and NSA intrusions already. Nobody would trust your debriefing. 
A1N904Y15Q8RUW	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JJYDEO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	783	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A1NBWN2R17EFEX	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9SRK0U	WithoutImprovingProduct	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1NCPN4WDZN2Y	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHOXUFU	Control	1208	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	There is a chance that the credit card information could still become compromised, even if the researchers do not intend it to be.	There are many studies like this and there is no harm in it.	It crosses a dangerous line since it actually gets passwords, and users have no sure guarantee that the passwords were not stored. It also makes it possible that the research data could become compromised and even if they didn't intend to distribute the passwords, they might get out.	Again, any information they gather could still become compromised.	There doesn't seem to be any actual security risk if the warnings are all fake.	This is important data to gather to prevent people from being scammed.	This is important information and it does no harm.	This is a very important thing to know, I would want anyone possible to be included as a participant.	This is important to know, to prevent people from falling for it in the future.	This is important to know so that security risk warnings can be more effective.
A1NGXQMOBCXDC3	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7NE9RL	InsertPosts	823	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	too risky.	just be careful with it.	with caution so that the passwords dont really get stole.	Sure as long as the university is totally in control of the phishing site.	yes I don't really see too much risk.	computers can get ruined by the spammers.	think this would be fine not too risky.			dont think there is much risk just testing security warnings.
A1NH3H1S03R47R	3PZDLQMM0TMXIPW3NQ95V8BY1IV2CE	Control	439	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1NJHVRIRWABM2	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALSMC5P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	343	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A1NK6UXWXKFMC7	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I60PQO6	Control	312	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1NKBXOTZAI1YK	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT03IY2	NoAdvertising	284	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no						If they don't give consent, they shouldn't be a part of an experiment.	I think it is manipulative and a violation of their privacy.	There is no harm done, and it might help them be more secure.	collecting passwords should never be part of an experiment, what if one of the researchers secretly kept them?	It could cause stress to the individual.
A1NMAOMLGI5YWP	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMFU1IN	Control	1251	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	no	Participants should be debriefed following the experiment.	The problem with this experiment is that (a) its consequences have the potential to be excessively negative for the participants, and (b) users are not informed that the experiment took place with their individual news feeds, ie. debriefed. This is a problem because it exploits participants and doesn't treat them with respect.	Yes. There don't appear to be any risks that cause harm. So long as nothing of value is stolen, there shouldn't be any issues.	There's not exactly much opportunity for the participants to consent to the study, but I suppose so long as nothing of issue was stolen and the participants were debriefed in full immediately following the experiment, no harm done.	With that said, I value the importance of research and think if tweaked a little to provide some kind of positive effect on the participant, it would be a good study.	It's tough to evaluate the negative effects of such an experiment. There wouldn't be much noticeable harm done except perhaps injured humility.	No. I would be concerned that negative posts in the news feed of someone who I care about would impact their daily lives negatively.	Yes. I want the people I care about to be as safe as possible in the digital world, and I think this study would help them achieve that. 	Yes. If someone I care about is prone to fall for a phishing scam, then they should fall for one that has no real consequences.	No. This experiment does not directly benefit the participant. They are essentially "used" to test the effectiveness of a security warning, and would not receive any education on security warnings. I felt more comfortable with the previous tests given that they benefited the end user in some way, justifying the potential sketchiness of such an experiment. But this experiment does not benefit the user involve.
A1NMKXK04PZ6KK	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGCEU1P	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2472	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Check the legality of infecting a persons computer without them knowing.	I think that manipulating a personal account for mood research is a little to far.	the information could be useful.	This experiment would offer important results.	No harm in the experiment, information is useful.	Would not feel to comfortable with having someones computer infected.	I don't think the user is properly given information at the end of the experiment.	it would better prepare them on the internet	information could be useful to help protect them in the future	interesting for them when giving the explanation.
A1NP7N72WIIUB5	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYJOCEP	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	844	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	As stated before anyone who falls for said spam would be a victim anyway.	Seems hard to get data	It seems even better than the previous experiment as they inform the participant.		As explained above, no risk with great data.	I would have no problem with it. If someone I know falls for a spam site or email I feel they don't deserve any protection or warning from the researchers.	It seems difficult	It not only provides good data but also shows users afterwards of their failings		It seems to provide good data and is ethical, especially with motivation of participants.
A1NQF2LZYWTFBT	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALXA5CG	WithoutPublication	508	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes									I don't think it will prove anything.	
A1NQGQA5NT55JA	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEO8U94	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	802	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	Please see above. I'm not really sure what they'd be learning in any case.	It seems odd that FB would allow researchers to have any access to users' news feeds so it seems pretty implausible in general.	See above.	I don't know that this is an ethical action on the part of the University to confirm students' passwords.	I'm not sure I understand. After being presented a warning will they measure if people go ahead with the task? If that's the case, and they aren't actually in any danger, I suppose that would be ok.	This seems really deceptive.		Collecting actual passwords seems like a slippery slope.		
A1NQWTNVPGU1ZV	3X73LLYYQ1FKOJWCV1LQYNBCP5DHNF	Twitter	462	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	IDK	I'm not entirely sure if people are aware that they are involved in any way.	It's deceptive, sure, but not awful.	I'm really interested in the results, if I'm being honest (AMI?).	Isn't this how a lot of these cases work, anyways? Classic misdirection.	Too risky, even with good intentions.		Why wouldn't I? There's no real risk.	Go fer it, grammy.	I don't care what they do. I basically do these things as an extra source of income, so obviously I'm comfortable with it.
A1NSDJCSE0UZS8	3OS4RQUCR9GY9EG9XLSH47Z5SBZBFJ	Control	565	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	As long as the researchers can make sure no one else's computers get infected, it should be OK.	Again, as long as people are debriefed I don't see much risk here.	It looks like people are being debriefed and I think they would appreciate ultimately learning more about hacking attempts by being in the study.	As long as the study is approved and participants are debriefed (and passwords are protected), it's OK.	See above. 	This seems convoluted but again it's an important issue. 	I don't feel there's any risk, but I'm not sure I think the research is that vital to understanding human nature. 	It looks like ethical issues are being addressed and this is an important issue to understand more about.	I think this is an important study and as long as people are debriefed after I think it's OK. It would even be educational for participants. 	This is an important topic and ethical safeguards are being followed. 
A1NSXVJ961MOA	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGNM1UQ	NoAdvertising	679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I see no real harm as Facebook users display all kinds of behavior.	Confidential information is always a sensitive matter when included in research studies for improvements.		Confidential information is always a sensitive matter.			As long as the researchers truly could confirm that no passwords were stolen after the study, then it should be no issue.	I believe this type of study is too sensitive, and potentially dangerous for the participant.	As long as the researchers could truly confirm no confidential information was compromised then there should be no issue.
A1NY7OXPFMJB6B	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKB2SD1	WithoutPublication	688	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent		See above.	They should be made aware that either their teams are not universally ethical or they themselves have a security breach.				Because Zuckerberg is a marketing tool.	My accounts get hacked after every CMU study, that's why.		
A1NZBT9BH2PZ1A	3OS46CRSLF0HZZL419GDBDGZ2VL6V8	WithoutPublication	385	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1O82NU3D2VZI6	3Y4W8Q93LZLGK80JBWORHJQRJG8DV5	InsertPosts	416	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A1OD5PTSNABJ5A	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7VK9R7	InsertPosts	599	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1OD9OA9B34FL	39U1BHVTDLS3POUXDCI03SGUVGWT3W	Control	762	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	making choices for another person, even if it's to protect them, is a  grey area, and the danger of manipulation and control is high.	on the way to supposedly 'protecting psychologically vulnerable people', the researchers may inadvertently harm the very people they are working to benefit.		Although it is controlled, the experiment is such a huge manipulation of trust that it outweighs any benefit that may result.		I wouldn't want my friend to be manipulated in this way	i wouldn't want my friend to be manipulated in this way.	since there is an explanation of the actual purpose of the study after it is over, so that the subjects are informed, i am okay (though not thrilled) with the experiment	I would not want my friend to be manipulated in this way, and the use of Facebook to gather data used in this deception makes me very wary.	Since there is an explanation given to inform the participants at the close of the study, i would not be against this experiment (though i am not in wholehearted support either)
A1OHAGAXU0FUDL	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5JAEUG	NoAdvertising	516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent								I wouldn't want them to be open to having their passwords stolen. Even if they say they won't collect them, there is no guarantee.		
A1OHM0WKE9AWVS	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMZGZRM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	312	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A1OJ3UBSRZWVQ9	36TFCYNS44BP0DAGX78ZWP2ARJZHXB	UnnamedCompany	806	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes	I am afraid that the researchers would not maintain enough control of their infected computer. They are also not providing information to the user of the true nature of the study and are also not taking enough caution around the collection of payment information. The whole experiment seems very poorly and hastily designed.	Encouraging an individual to be exposed to and post negative thoughts is not ethical or responsible.	The ethics board for the researchers should take care to ensure that no personally identifiable information is collected or stored.	Again, making sure that opt outs are provided and that individualized information is not kept in a personalized manner are paramount. This has the extra danger that it actually queries the university website for the correct password, opening itself up to more easily be perverted to nefarious uses.	The warnings are superficial only and do not expose the user to any security issue.	I am afraid that the researchers would not maintain enough control of their infected computer.	The user used to be able to have more control over what was displayed on their news feed. This experiment enables the social networking site to take more and more control, which is not a trend that I would encourage.	The people I care about most are the most likely to be fooled by the experiment and fear that their information was stolen, perhaps initiating action against the researchers.	I think it's important to research how the source of the scam affects the response of the individual.	There is no threat being exposed to the user and no password / personally identifiable information being collected.
A1OLJ6H4RAP5E7	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9X8W7EQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	308	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent					yes, I do not think the experiment is unethical					I dont know if this experiment would be negative in any way
A1OM0BW883BZ0T	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMT6RZS	WithoutPublication	225	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes		i see nothing which can stop it					i think the experiment is for everybody			
A1ONILGBGJ8Y5K	30X31N5D63R2U9G3XRSKGVYEZAOAS4	WithoutPublication	371	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1OP238L5ZBHZV	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX1DSG2	UnnamedCompany	3181	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	Sure, why not.	It's just that too much negativity can really impact a person. And I believe this would actually happen if you surrounded the person with "negative social posts". It's a window into another world sometimes, a world that isn't the actual representation of a person. But it could be for some who might be isolated and on the sad side leaving them with totally negative posts could have a drastic affect.	It goes along the same lines as the phishing thing. This is a major thing and a scary thing for a lot of people. I think it would cause quite distress for people and for what a 40 cent survey. I know that we are as Mturkers just workers filling out things behind a screen but we are affected by these things. And we work very hard for very little money some of the time. This seems very inappropriate.	This will also bring someone who is in this study another level of distrust when it comes to phishing. In thinking, well is this real, could this be a study. Do we want people to completely distrust everyone? Nope don't think this is a moral one to do.	I wouldn't want to do it but I am curious to see the results of this finding. More that perhaps different types of "warnings" have different effects in general.	Sounds like a good plan. And the researchers are the ones in the midst of it rather than my friends or myself.	It sounds very interesting. I would like myself or anyone I love to do it. The positive one is good. Although if they were inundated with posts on the negative side I would say no. 	No definitely not. 	No way.I don't want someone I love to go through the stress that this would cause someone. Only to find out that it wasn't real.	I think if a person comes across a security risk in a HIT, even a false one, they will return said hit. I know I would. I think it's kind of obvious that if you pose a risk people will avoid it. But maybe some people wouldn't so why not. I personally would just completely toss the hit aside asap. Something to take into account.
A1OP4BATW0TUUG	3Y5140Z9DXHKNZJ9HYG32OHMPV1IP9	WithoutPublication	1446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Researchers should perform all necessary precautions to ensure safety and privacy of research participants data. That's the least you can do in an experiment like this.			They should proceed but be completely open about it to the participants in the end. 	Seems like a safe experiment. No collection of personal data. In psychological surveys, there are deceptions but the true nature of the test is revealed in the end. I don't see this experiment being too different from a psychological survey.	Even today, there are people who are not tech savvy, including many people I know and care about. A research like this will definitely be beneficial, even if it is a little bit deceiving. I trust that a group of computer scientists and or academics will be able to ensure safety of its research participants. 	This seems rather invasive personally. I don't see any security benefits or protection from hackers. This sounds more like a marketing ploy rather than protecting the psychologically vulnerable. Even if this experiment is well intentioned, moods online are a symptom of a larger problem in modern culture. You're trying to treat the symptom rather than the problem. This study is pointless and invasive. 	We should be one or two steps ahead of hackers. Experiments like these are necessary. I don't see these being any more different than psychological experiments that also deceive. This might also be educational to participants NOT to fall for tricks.	I think experiments like these are necessary to ensure a more secure infrastructure, even if they are deceiving and somewhat invasive. We need to be 2 steps ahead of hackers and phishers.  	I think it's a good experiment. We should make it better for users to deal with threats. I don't have a problem with it. If it helps me or someone I know not get a virus or other malware in the future, good. 
A1OP5I5YKSUMNM	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNVTS2U	WithoutImprovingProduct	271	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent		Attempting to manipulate people's feelings is unethical and could easily backfire; someone clinically depressed or ill could relapse or harm themselves.								
A1OS5869ZLDE5G	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4NZ4OEZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	953	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes		Manipulating users' posts without their permission or knowledge is unethical	We need to be able to stop the hackers			I don't think it's necessary for the users to be uniformed of the experiment. 	It's deceitful to manipulate users' posts. Facebook was created for communication and it serves no purpose to determine how many posts are of either a positive or negative nature.	As long as the purpose is divulged to the participants after it is okay.	Having the students aware after the fact as well as the opportunity to participate by commenting is helpful	
A1OVAN2YSCBNVQ	36AHBNMV1RDXO2VOG7BBOIUL1YLDYR	Twitter	210	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A1OVJ0QM9WF8DB	3D3VGR7TA0GQ99H59ND53DFC7Z43R6	InsertPosts	625	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	So you're confident enough of your own hacking skills that you can outwit real hackers?	Oh, well this very thing happened, and everybody's pissed off at Facebook. So there you are.	Who do you people think you are--the NSA?	Well, now you're going to get friends pissed off at each other, accusing each other of screwing with their computers. Can't wait for whatever's next.	There's too much crap going on these days with internet security, hacking and so on. If you want to get feedback on security designs, just bloody well ask people what they like. You don't have to fool them.	This is one crazy idea.	Look--Facebook, and similar social media sites say they have the RIGHT to run such experiments. However, they don't seem to understand their RESPONSIBILITY to their users. Screwing with their users just causes confusion and bad will. I am ashamed of Facebook for doing this. If they're just going to repeatedly mess with me, that's it. I'm done with them.	This is insane.	Well there you go again, trying to fool people. Must be a nice job :(	Nobody wants to be scared into thinking their computer is at risk.
A1OVT0PCQPZ2J7	33UKMF9319L8O5SRSRORL5KSPFATTE	NoAdvertising	1391	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	I do not think that it is right that the researcher will not let people involved know about this after the research is done. 	I am not sure if I agree with allowing people to get on your facebook page and mess with information that is there. 	I think if they were able to publish the information it would be somewhat beneficial but I am not sure if it is with while since they can not publish it. 	I think since the researchers are letting the particapants know what is going on it is okay. 	It allows them to see how people typically react to different security behavior which can be beneficial.	I think it is a little to risky and messing with others computers a little to much. 	I do not see what it would harm the person by doing this research.	I think it would be hard to tell someone it is okay to give the researchers their private information not knowing if they are hackers or not. 	I think this is a great research to do but a little risky and could be frustrating to people who are participating. 	I do not see how this research can harm anyone. It can help them learn how to help people in the future when there is security decisions. 
A1OWOQ0V6PL6JG	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HO0CQT	Twitter	500	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1OXOBL5TWQ6BP	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1M262EL	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	462	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						Greater good of the people.	Yes, because this research can help us. And facebook always only shows us some of our friends posts, so it is nothing new. They are just starting to use it for something academic. Although they will obviously use this with advertising and such, but for the people are will be fooled...oh well...	I believe this is for the greater good, and no one is really harmed in any way. But some people will feel violated no matter what, but should we sacrifice our security because of their non-understanding that this is totally innocent?		
A1OY40VC86UZZ5	3ERMJ6L4DYTHDC506RKEUVXI6D2M7F	WithoutPublication	196	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1OYFHWOPSL1LZ	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTZ7ZUF	Control	911	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It seems like an interesting subject.	no harm will come to anyone. It is just for research. 	Learning about these things is important. 	I think its important for people to know how easy it is to be taken advantage of so they can protect themselves.		It won't be of any harm to them or their electronics.	I think it would be an interesting experiment to take part in.	It would teach them how to be wary of such things online.	It would educate them in the methods of phishers.	
A1OZ7SOEPL95VS	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGVAET9P	Twitter	624	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes		No harm being done	nothing is being stolen		yes, It's just the illusion of danger and you;ll get unbiased results 	It's intrusive				yes 
A1P0VFKF43S9BD	3X3OR7WPZZ1178SYGKB58IEOHT0L8J	WithoutPublication	831	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes				Maybe if there was a way to gain consent of a group of students.	If there is no threat then there isn't a problem. Some studies require people to be deceived. 		Researchers should not have access to anyone's facebook feed and what comes up on it. 	I do not like the idea of having someone enter their passwords for researchers, even if they say they wont store it, who is to say that they wont?	I don't think it is alright to be collecting passwords unknowingly from anyone.	As long as there is no threat to the privacy of the participant it is harmless.
A1P25V17Q78Z93	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGCO3ZS	Twitter	203	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no										
A1P29SGSCTACIH	3RSDURM96AN2G89OC2MVU0C61AXYEG	Control	902	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Same as above	They need to be sure the people understand they will not be viewing all of the news feeds they would have otherwise.	I think the participants should be told to change passwords after the study for security purposes.	They should tell the participants to change their passwords after the study.	No personal information is being given so I think this is ok.	People could be expecting purchases that will never come or giving out credit card info.	The person may miss important information about the people they keep in contact with via Facebook.	I would be concerned with the passwords not being safe.	I would be concerned about the security of the passwords.	
A1P3NC0746837K	3GS6S824SQY2L9R1Q07QZQLZ4RPNWG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	663	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I'm not sure that my personal preference for not participating in the experiment is the only choice.  	There was consent given in the vague Terms of Service, but I still think it is wrong. 	As long as all rules about human subjects are followed I think this would be allowable. 	This one goes too far. 	As long as all rules about human testing are met, this might be valid. 	Because even if anonymous, I do not want my choices analyzed without my consent.	I do not want my choices analyzed without my specific consent. 	The explanation after the research makes me feel a trifle better about being the subject of the experiment. 	Even though the participants are notified after the research, I think this one goes too far by using actual university passwords and also using data mined from Facebook. 	The revelation of the true purpose after the experiment makes the research slightly more palatable. 
A1P4BH68GLDE4A	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD25J8L	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	5090	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1P5NWI92O562A	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KOSES7	InsertPosts	587	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent				I would not feel comfortable if I found out I was a part of the experiment so I have to say no.				It's deceiving and I would not anyone I know to be involved.	The University is still gaining access to these passwords, and not everyone is honest.	
A1P601X2IPHV0U	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR57J2I	Control	3257	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	1st issue:  Just to clarify, will this experiment only involve one computer?  If there is any chance of spam-laden messages being sent to the computers of the participants, then my answer is a very hard No.\r\n\r\n2nd issue:  Will the participants be informed at the close of the study?  For instance, if they decided to make a purchase because this is something they really want, it would be wrong to not let them know that no actual transaction took place.	Such a study is a violation of trust akin to the US Post office reading & censoring a citizen's mail.  Personal posts from friends should NEVER be used for this purpose.\r\n\r\nPerhaps under Very careful conditions, news items, ads, or items labeled  'something that may interest you' might possibly be acceptable tools for such an experiment.  HOWEVER, Extreme Caution would have to be taken to be sure that the targeted individuals are not prone to depression that could be made worse by such an experiment.\r\n\r\nA somewhat similar experiment, using random, uplifting images (kittens & 'Have a Nice Day' for instance) to see if the user's mood is affected would be far less problematic. AGAIN - with No alteration of posts from actual friends.  Those posts should Never be censored or altered in Any way.\r\n\r\nPersonal Reaction:  What If One Of Those 'Depressing Posts' Was A Cry For Help That ONLY An Actual Friend Of That Person Would Recognize?!?!?   DON'T DO IT!!!!!	I feel that this study is not only valid, it could greatly benefit the online community.	Allowing participants to exclude their data could skew the results if they opted to do so out of embarrassment that they had fallen for a phishing scam.\r\n\r\nThe use of personal information about friends & impersonating emails sent from friends has to potential to cause irreparable harm to relationships and really shouldn't be used, especially if that information is not publicly available in a manner that potential phishers would have access to.	I see this as a potentially valuable education tool as well as a source of important information for researchers.	Whether or not the potential participant is someone I personally care about shouldn't be considered.  Either the experiment is ethical, or it is not.	I wouldn't want anyone to be used for this research, regardless of my personal relationship to them.	Whether or not the potential participant is someone I personally care about shouldn't be considered.  Either the experiment is ethical, or it is not.  That said, I would be happy if someone I cared about became more informed about the dangers of password hacking.	Whether or not the potential participant is someone I personally care about shouldn't be considered.  Either the experiment is ethical, or it is not.	Whether or not the potential participant is someone I personally care about shouldn't be considered.  Either the experiment is ethical, or it is not.  That said, I am in favor of people I care about becoming more aware of the various online security risks.
A1P7HV5FPJ29H4	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C4R50T	Control	208	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	Too much risk	Why not, no harm done	Could make people paranoid	THey just have to be careful, and use hashing	I have no idea if this is a good idea	It could be dangerous	At worst it will alarm them	Could be interesting, but hard to do	It's nice to know at worst they're be informed	It'll numb them to risks
A1P81TP0L51ZOV	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D13K3LD	NoAdvertising	405	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A1P8WL2QGA7WHE	37C0GNLMHF4V5ILIAOGJ5RAS2PED6F	NoAdvertising	1012	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						Just that the concept is interesting.	As long as the research isn't malicious then why not. Go ahead.	If something positive can come from the the research, then by all means proceed.		
A1PBW1X7D3OID1	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5QFIOTS	NoAdvertising	458	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		because there is not a risk			yes there is no risk		because they could decide themselves			they could decide for their selves
A1PE0077HI218F	3CPLWGV3MO0R9DETXPXYL6DO6U9N93	Control	400	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A1PF01FF85HUY4	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7PJ9CT	Twitter	1813	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1PHFON68WLSZI	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7Z89C2	Twitter	715	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	In order to have accurate results the research nor its purpose should be revealed unless if done so at the conclusion.	it is a harmless experiment	In order to protect internet users research like this is almost required.		If the participant knew the purpose of the experiment, their responses may be flawed.	It is their personal choice to be involved. I understand that it is research based.	it is entirely up to the individual providing they are of consenting age			I understand that it is an experiment. Also it is at my loved ones discretion to be part of the experiment.
A1PI3EYSKGK1L6	3IHR8NYAM72QFSKUW9EZ8N73KHV4PJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	577	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	no	The research on it is important. 	The answers would be interesting. 	Research like this can help fight against hackers. 	It is important to study these things. 	Wouldn't be worthwhile. 	I don't want them clicking on spam links of any kind. 	I think it would be cool to see the results. 	I think it would still be possible to see the passwords.	I wouldn't want passwords getting out like that. Even for research.	Doesn't help with anything. Why study it?
A1PILMBQUOK7PL	3FPRZHYEPY8I2GYMI7IF4A4FS17V39	Twitter	235	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent										
A1PJLZSOUQ4MIL	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4EOXTHS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1706	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes			They are collecting people's personal data, whether they do anything with it or  not.				It's none of facebook's business.  They should just be a quiet platform for sharing, not an influencer of people's ideas or feelings.		It's a violation.	It would teach them a lesson about not taking security warnings seriously enough.
A1PLSXHVTZSI2W	33UKMF9319L8O5SRSRORL5KSPGSTTY	Twitter	780	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes	I don't see any harm in doing the study as long as participants are not identified.	As long as privacy was maintained.	The participants privacy is protected, but having to deceive them doesn't sound right.	Invading privacy.	I think it's a good experiment as long as the participants remain anonymous.	As long as they remain anonymous in this study.	It wouldn't be up to me if they participated in the experiment.	No one likes to be deceived.	This is invading privacy by going through the participants Facebook profile.	As long as privacy is maintained, I don't really see the harm.
A1PMVGSEOOHP1J	3ZSANO2JCF8XQ0XB87ECUW95WQ2FSN	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	966	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	Spam is bad! While the libertarian in me says if people are stupid enough to fall for spammers, they deserve what they get. But the other side of me realizes that not everyone is computer savvy enough to always recognize spam.	Micro-managed social engineering is a slippery slope.		Passwords should remain private always. No one, not even researchers, should be allowed access.			I think I would nominate this study for on IgNoble award.	As long as the researchers do not have access to the passwords, I see no problem.	So, the university will allow the team to verify the passwords? Yeow! Ironically, this sounds like it would make a great phishing scam :-(	This one is innocuous, and actually useful, and has no Big Brother overtones.
A1POAW2RQBTBXB	3DHE4R9OCWCAZ1C8PC5OLZWDZ9MG2Z	Control	1512	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I think that this should be done more often so that we can get a better idea on how to eliminate these scams and educate people so that they don't fall victim to such scams.	I read about this study taking place. I do not think they should be allowed to proceed with this in the future. I think allot of people are a little more leery because of reason I stated in the first question that related to this study.	I think that this is a great idea. We should all be on our toes and to have a mock attack take place is a great way to collect data to help people avoid these scams. The participant, as well, will benefit by learning things about themselves.	I think they can learn and great deal that can be used to help combat phishing attacks. Impersonating a friend may seem like deception on the researchers part, it is actually done, not to deceive but to gather information. Therefore, I believe it can be a good thing to educate people.	As I stated on the other examples, I think that the ends justify the means. I understand that some deception is necessary in scientific experiments. I do not see it as a bad thing.I think these types of research studies should go on more often.	once again, I feel like this type of study would benefit the participant into finding out if they are possibly a victim.	I think this one draws the line about what is right and what is wrong. In this study the researchers have actually manipulated people feelings, on a long term basis, without notifying them anytime soon.Also, I feel like the benefits of this study, are not so great that they justify any damage it may have done.	I think this study is great, not only for the intended research purposes, but also the survey taker can learn if they themselves are vulnerable to such attacks. If they are, they can work on ways to educate themselves and become more savvy, thus reducing their chances in giving out personal information to hackers. I don't see any harm in this and would love people I care about to be involved in this.	Although there is a little bit of dishonestly used (sending emails that appear to be from a friend) I believe that this is also necessary and could help educate people. Scammers actually do this and people need to learn how to be on their toes. I believe it is forgiveable that the researchers use this deception because it can be entirely helpful and their reasoning behind doing such is not to deceive, it is to gather information.	Once again, I think a great dal can be learned about ones self and ones risk, if they were involved in this study. therefore, I would like to know that someone I cared for was involved in a study like this.
A1PP9K50M7ZLRQ	33M4IA01QG22P7OJTCKTAT4GE04RX5	Control	669	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	the data will help people to be careful and more aware	some happy things that are posted may include personal information not wished to be released	thief is real anything to stop that and produce a safe environment for users will be highly appreciated	help students learn to be aware of phishing	some people act differently to these sort of situations, a lot of things to factor in, health issues, panic attacks, ect	expose these cheap tricks to them	it doesnt seem to be hurting anyone	to let them know not to fall to cheap tricks	expose these tricks to them so they may learn	its about security not a life or death situation
A1PPKR5FFJ8PGF	317HQ483I7TKKE7W1J3BYZCRPL0INN	Twitter	437	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				The researchers will have access to passwords. The researchers should be trusted individuals.			Same as before		I believe scientific experiments are important. As long as no real harm exists, I don't care who participates.	
A1PR0OZESBXA8O	3IHR8NYAM72QFSKUW9EZ8N73KI44PU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	537	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	no	no	no										
A1PRXHIWVET3RX	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z10F9LV	NoAdvertising	656	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent			Yes, it will be beneficial to the community. 					I believe there would be no harm done by participating in such experiment. 		
A1PT66HWAA1RD3	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4O6YVJ6	InsertPosts	617	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I see this as deceiving the individual when they are trying to purchase something from a place they believe offers the product when in fact they are not working with the advertised company.	Deceptive.	The participants are not honestly advised of the intention	I believe that it is deceitful.	This practice is deceptive.	I am leery about data being collected on the internet when it regards possible personal information. I would advise the individual I cared about to not put their personal information out there via spam.	Deceptive.	I feel that to enter into research the parties need to be honestly advised of the information. This is deceptive.	I do not believe that phishing needs to be researched but stopped!	This practice is deceptive.
A1PT95CB1DWTL3	3IUZPWIU1O81D36YTNFA7Y4VA1DWKN	NoAdvertising	353	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	idnt know	no because its not there right to do so. its not fair to the people		depends really	this can go either way	no dont want them too	too many bad things could happen as a result of being included in the study		better not to affilate	better not to be involved
A1PUCVHX55NMJ4	3YMU66OBIN9EERFQ8X8V832FORCHGO	Twitter	393	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes					It isn't unethical and could be useful for future development					I believe they are impartial and would be a good match for the experiment
A1PV8FC3TVZ4Y4	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7KQRL1	WithoutImprovingProduct	1060	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	As long as they are careful this should be ok.	You can't just hack people's private website accounts because you feel like it.	I think this is safe but I don't like that they are trying to deceive people.	You shouldn't be able to force people to participate in a survey without their consent.	The people are at least agreeing to be part of a survey so I think this is fair.		I would be angry if someone manipulated my Facebook page without my consent.	I would not want this person to be tricked.	I don't like that they lie to people and include them without informing them.	I don't think this is a big deal one way or the other.
A1PVPN4949E9HI	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5H6P14M	WithoutImprovingProduct	321	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1PWK7MSNKK455	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFVLIOI	WithoutPublication	560	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes				The data collected should not contain any identifiable information.  If the original data was lost hackers would have a ready made list of people to steal from. 						
A1PXAD9OO9XJ9Q	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZSHTGY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	550	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes			As long as they're positive no one can or will use this password information to steal someone's personal information		I think that this information they gather from study will help people be more safe on computers in the future		I don't see the harm			
A1PXH20WH4MFCS	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JMDEDA	WithoutPublication	738	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	The experiment seems perfectly acceptable, but I can see how this might cause some controversy.		Even if the researchers won't collect the passwords, some participants might be skeptical.		This would have beneficial results.	It doesn't seem like it would cause any kind of negative results to the participants.	Someone's Facebook is rather private, even if the method doesn't necessarily violate privacy.		The concept is good, but the method seems a little too invasive of someone's privacy.	
A1PZ1YZAQEXRSQ	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF5Y5M6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	467	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Seems a bit over the line.	Seems harmless	Good to study these kinds of things	People need to be more aware.	Since no risk is involved.	Seems kind of sketchy. 	It seems harmless.		I think it would be a good wake up call for them if they fell for it.	
A1Q2Y8OZT0TJ2S	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGDKZ3M	WithoutImprovingProduct	12618	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		They need to be extra cautious to ensure privacy.			It can be very helpful	Sounds risky		No personal information is being recorded	There are no outside sources that will have access to personal information.	No one's privacy was compromised
A1Q6IR9E7MW3BM	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8MZA8P5	InsertPosts	815	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	Must ensure they have total control of the computer	Privacy concerns 	Yes, no issues here. 	I don't see why the reserachers need to gain access to Facebook profiles of friends.  Just stick to replicating banks.  	I could see some participants turning off their computers or unplugging desktops from the wall.  Potential is there to lose other vital information the participant may have been working on.  	I have some concerns with how much total control of those computers the experimenters would have.	Privacy concerns	I have no issues with this experiment	I wouldn't want their privacy/Facebook profiles accessed.	As long as it wasn't my parents or elderly relatives I wouldn't have any issues with someone I cared about participating.  
A1QBFXHRW6Z2Z8	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG498IQWO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	459	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent		If there is not a very specific issuing of informed consent (instead of slipping the possibility of being used in an experiment in the TOS), then there should be no exploitation of users in this way.		No one who has not given consent to participate in a study should be included in a study.			Don't particularly like people I care about being emotionally manipulated.			They've given consent to participate in HIT and I assume the briefing would cover the extent of possible effects
A1QEG0X5T0DK6V	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXIKJ34	UnnamedCompany	580	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes very helpful study	The nature of this research seems harmless	this study will be very benificial	this is a beneficiary study	its a good study that will help us all	very helpful study	I don't see why not, the research seems harmless to me.	this study will be very helpful for everybody who uses the internet	this is a beneficiary study	i believe this study will be helpful for the future 
A1QHAYZKE1KQMB	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOXWPD7X	NoAdvertising	433	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1QIC6RJO6MSGN	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVX6OV7F	InsertPosts	1701	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Data would not be very meaningful, and the potential for conflict from the users would be too great.	I doubt anyone would get hurt from this experiment, but Facebook might look bad for allowing it in the publication.	This would seem like a waste of time because the data would be difficult to use and there would be serious doubt to it's validity.  Also, if a person were to be involved with this study without informed consent and they typed their real passwords into a computer with monitoring/key logging software which resulted in compromised accounts/identity, the researchers would likely be held liable for the damages.	This research would be an invasion of privacy and security for most of the participants, and even if the collected data showed something interesting, it would not likely apply to real world scenarios.	Useful information might come out of this study, so why not?	The data they seek to collect is not very important, and would open up the researchers to any number of problems if the deception was ever discovered.  Also, no IRB would approve the use of research property to enable spammers to interact with users and collect person data without a disclaimer, the liability would be too great.	While I imagine the posts on Facebook are monitored anyway, it does not make much sense for Facebook to go out of its way to potentially harm it's image when this study is published and people find out they were involuntarily studied from an account they may have trusted.  Also it seems difficult that an automated algorithm would be able to differentiate happy thoughts from sarcasm. 	Although it seems harmless enough, most people would be on guard against this deception if there was a HIT which requested their password.  Also, since the password would not be tested for accuracy, many people would likely make up a fake password to complete the HIT.	The seems invasive, as the researchers would have to know who at the university was friends with who, would require researchers to access the students email accounts, and would collect passwords and personal information they did not consent to.	It doesn't seem like anyone would be hurt from this deception so I would not care if someone I cared about participated.
A1QMSDPJMMIO0T	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHDHYXS	Control	913	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	Another situation where it could be a valuable lesson.	The results could benefit a lot on how people post content and if negative/positive influence.	It could help the person providing the password in the long run.  The person will be more conscious of giving their information out.	This would cause people to minimize their online purchasing and doing finances online.	Sometimes that is the only way to get correct and accurate answers, is to deceive that you are actually doing something else.	The participant will me be more conscious about what links they click	It sounds like a good experiment that I am curious about too.  Whether people reflect their comments on other negative or positive posts.	It could teach a valuable lesson about providing information to things you are unsure of.	I think this would cause users to be too worried about using online banking or doing finances online.	I do not see any harm in a trickery to get positive results on an experiment.
A1QNACI90FBATJ	3BC8WZX3V3XISB27KDE1LBISDBNRRX	InsertPosts	930	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	This study is unethical, and coerces personal and sensitive information out of the unknowing participants. 	I do think there has to be certain attempts made to notify participants of this study, and there should be an opt in requirement. 	Yes. This experiment is ethically preformed and useful. 	This seems to e a worthwhile experiment, but consent should be given before participants' actions are included in the study. 	This is an effective and ethical way to preform this experiment. 	This is a deliberate attempt to mislead consumers. Additionally, sensitive information is being coerced by the experimenters. 	I see some value in the experiment being performed, and would have no issue if some one I cared about was anonymously included in the study. 	HIT workers would consent to participating in this experiment beforehand. Additionally, this research would prove valuable in preventing cyber attacks and presents no real danger. 		Yes, consent would be given before the HIT
A1QNO6OXH5JTL1	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYNVEC6	Control	1569	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	Under proper supervision		Locks keep honest people honest, there are disreputable researchers as well		too much risk of creating monetary damages to the research mice	As long as the only assault on the machine is an email and no personal data is collected I would not have a problem with it.  One more piece of spam will not matter	This study has actually been done, in the arguments I have read on this, I find I agree with group that feels an unknown harm may come to some of the younger or weaker minded users.  Suicides and violence is a possible outcome	If the person is not currently practice adequate computer security procedures this may convince them to secure their system better	I would have to have more information as to why I am getting this email from a "friend"  If I get one that appears to be from my credit card provide I would be more inclined to follow it than I would sent by a friend for no reason.	In order to test this concept the warning would have to create some issues with the computer, even if the issue is as simple as not being able to close the warning box.  Some people will cause serious harm to their systems because they believe they are "infected"
A1QNZIHBBYK1OE	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUQ1E1D	NoAdvertising	672	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I do not believe personal computers should be compromised this way, even for research. 	There should be more proactive efforts to inform people that Facebook can be used in this manner.	People that know about phishing scams etc. might exit the study if they think they are being phished. 	It seems like they have proper controls in place so the results would be interesting, but is still a sensitive subject when you are tricking people.	It would be valuable research to find the most effective warnings; no harm would be done. 	I do not believe personal computers should be compromised this way, even for research. 	I would not want anyone unknowingly included in an experiment like this.	It would be up to them, if they participated they might learn something, but it wouldn't affect me. 	It would not affect me although it might be educational for them. 	It would not affect me. 
A1QP4I4LGECWZV	34FNN24DCMA2KPGV11TSQ66TOEM5Y4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	601	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1QPGPDDACK4T0	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSXELVD	WithoutPublication	441	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	no		They can seriously damage someone by adding negativity to their life.	This is a great learning experiment that will teach people how to protect themselves!	I dont know that it is safe for anyone. I dont know how much damage it will cause so I am not sure it would be a good idea.	Maybe this would be better with randon people but I think they need to be cautious because someone may sue them.		I think that seeing negative posts mostly would bring the person down and I would not want them to feel a negative emotion. 	I think it would be benefecial to people I care for to go through this because it would be a learning experience as to what could happen and ways to make their passwords safe. 	I do not want anyone I care about being sent to phishing web site because they could give private info thinking someone they knew thought it was safe. That is not fair to have someone i care for tricked into possibly releasing their info. 	You could really scare someone into thinking they are facing risks and I do not want anyone I care for to be scared. 
A1QR6I7UPY8XQJ	3OLF68YTN92TQ4BHR7SL9WFZAHJFA9	NoAdvertising	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1QRDN3E4UKZO9	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21FCM3E	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	717	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no					I don't believe they will get any data due to participants shutting down the program as soon as they get the security warning.	Too many variables that could go badly wrong.	These researchers need to get a life. If someone is affected by their friend's negative outlook on life, it is their problem and they need to see a shrink. They do not need to see a scientific research project that tells them that is why they feel bad.	It 'appears' to have too much risk to the user.	Very dangerous.	It is still not a true test because any intelligent user who comes across a security warning is going to exit the program and no data will be gathered.
A1QSLLBML827GH	3K772S5NP8CGUDJZ22I780H3BJ2EHP	NoAdvertising	572	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	Ir seems that the researchers would be spying on the spammers without their consent.		Planned deception	Some may get upset.	I don't believe that it is okay to be deceptive of turkers in such a manner.		It would be interesting to see the outcome.  	I disagree with the deception, and furthermore, the researchers would not be able to publish their results according to the last line of text, rendering such an experiment useless.	Most of the people I know wouldn't fall for a phishing scheme.	while the study may be deceptive and ethically questionable, they would not face any real security risk.
A1QTEAN2E4E3ZZ	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBOIJ43	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	851	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	informed consent is lacking	Again, has there been informed consent?  Not clear from the explanation.  This experiment itself was low on informed consent.  	Again, this is the Mturk model.  By informing afterwards, this has sufficient validity to pass an IRB.		possibly.  This is the Mturk model and I have taken several studies that appear to be testing one concept and are really testing another concept, of which I am informed at the end of the study -- with the opportunity to withdraw from the study at any time.  	This article makes it explicitly clear that there is no informed consent.  Would-be purchasers are being denied the opportunity to purchase whatever it was they thought they were buying.  And there is no attempt afterwards to inform participants that they were part of the experiment and that their computer is compromised.  	It is not clear from the explanation that there is any informed consent or IRB type of statement.  		again, no informed consent prior to onset of study.	
A1QTQISKEHWSKZ	3YWRV122CS04QYFSPY36Z5A7UJB8UG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1729	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no			It would be beneficial overall.					I wouldn't want someone I cared about involved with something like this.	This would likely anger, disturb and likely embarrass the person.  I wouldn't wish that on someone I cared about.	
A1QYPSNMDOFR2J	3LBXNTKX0RWWL7SXZVK7J84M88W9XM	WithoutImprovingProduct	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	Researchers should do any type of research they want~	I think it's good for them to see if excluding negative is a good thing.	They should do this to figure out how to prevent real people from doing it.	They should not be able to access security information that easily.	it is good for people to understand how to deal with different security threats and how the public reacts to them.	I would not want someone I care about to have to deal with Spam at all.	I would like them to have more positive in their life.	I wouldn't mind either way. No personal data is actually being used.	I would not want someone I know to divulge personal information to anyone even if it is an experiment.	It's a good idea for people to test their ability to deal with security threats.
A1QZKFBYF1AC1Q	3WAKVUDHUWH0QKA9FTB0L5ECJ9J7UQ	Twitter	1592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes		You don't want to exclude enough positive tweets so that the subject suddenly worries about their friend's well being		You would have to be very careful that no one would be able to see the actual passwords at any time during the study, only confirmation of whether or not they are correct					This could get tricky due to privacy concerns. 	As long as the faux threat isn't something traumatizing there are no ethical worries.
A1QZXUONOI6YH1	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA27BXY08	Control	331	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						personal choice	Its a personal decision	personal choice	personal decision	personal decision
A1R0689JPSQ3OF	3R2UR8A0IAHZSUW31K3PGYZB33GOX5	Control	666	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	no	it's good to try to find out what spammers do and their tactics to try and beat them, but creating more spam and more zombie emails? I don't know if there might be a better way to get the info besides this.	there should be some type of disclaimer or opt out option.	sensitive information should be protected, or destroyed.		as long as there is no real security risk, I don't see a problem					
A1R0HHNAPC9123	3I2PTA7R3TVWT6ACHEG4F9M9MXVQK6	Control	638	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	The researchers must be very careful, as to not let the test subjects know what is going on. They must also keep the spammers from knowing their messages were adulterated.	I believe they are currently doing this.	The research should be done, however, again, very carefully.	As long as the University is backing it.		Many of the people I care about would definitely click on any advertisements, they do not understand how spam and the internet works.	I believe they already are.	Again, those I care about are not internet-savvy. They will give up passwords if the attacker has even a remotely legitimate appearance.	Seems there is no risk.	I would be very interested in the results. Those I care about, which have not learned much about internet security, would probably be the ones that the security warning is meant for. 
A1R1I9FSF0M8EX	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYJVECY	WithoutImprovingProduct	217	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes					No actual threat is presented					Helping Security is great
A1R347FNT7LP4L	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGVAAY8	WithoutImprovingProduct	647	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	While it should be conducted, individuals should be informed of what happened afterward if they attempted to buy the product.	As long as it doesn't cause people to fall into pits of despair, it should just be an interesting survey that doesn't inflict any harm.	It could be interesting to see how often people fall for such things, especially if it showed a breakdown for different demographics.	It's a solid survey where, as long as it becomes a validation connected to a number no real harm is done.	It's always helpful to know how to best get people to respond in times of emergency. 	It might hopefully teach people to not just buy everything that the internet tells them to.	There's no reason they shouldn't be included, really.	Another time, people need to learn internet safety.	Once again, it could help teach some people to not believe everything on the internet.	Yes, as long as they had some level of technology knowledge and wouldn't flip their lid immediately upon seeing something similar to this.
A1R3W25JDAUQ09	3ON104KXQKXGZ1HV8VSU0HFZDAHW4H	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1208	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A1R48T3EPOIG93	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7GG1GKS	UnnamedCompany	750	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no		I hope a lawsuit is brought against Facebook and the dod for doing this already without consent.	Hacking is a very viable way of finding back doors to prevent others from finding and exploiting the hack.			This is propagating ignorance and creating victims. 	This kind of research can be done without manipulating people.		There is no need to compromise accounts when they can use real data for these types of scenarios.	I suppose if there are no victims it could be justified. I still am quite torn though as to the morality of these deceptive tactics. 
A1R4KVYEV07CAJ	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5PQUV1	WithoutImprovingProduct	13300	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	This could result in unforeseen outcomes that harm the people they experiment on.	They could be doing more useful research.	The information gathered from such an experiment could be used to prevent the real hackers from doing it in the future, thus saving people from real threats in the future.	As long as the people the attempt to phish remain anonymous and they don't do anything but verify the passwords, I feel that this can only help.	Basically for the same reason I stated on the first question, people wasting time when they could have been making money.	I hate spam and wouldnt want them to choose me or anyone I care about.	This just seems like a waste of time all around.	Since the experiment would be during a HIT and it was real that means that whoever is selected will still receive compensation and if they were doing the HIT in the first place, then they need said compensation.	I don't think this experiment is harmful to the person picked so I didn't choose No, but at the same time the person picked doesn't gain anything personally so I didn't choose yes either.	
A1R5BX2KUVNXWT	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5KFUE3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	253	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	no										
A1R8A1ZKR80MRA	3EA3QWIZ4IWIFRCGYFPN7YIJEYPTIS	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	796	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	There is no informed consent, and that violates every standard of ethical research I know.	Mark Zuckerberg is a scumbag.		No informed consent and a huge violation of privacy.		There's no informed consent, so this is unethical. Only fools fall for spammers, and I am not interested in someone I care about being used as a guinea pig to help fools.	I understand that people I care about and also I have already been subject to such a survey and I don't like it....you give up your rights when you use Facebook! While I have not deleted my account, I have stopped using it recently for this and a variety of other reasons. I don't post status updates any more.		No one I care about is stupid enough to fall for a scam like the one discussed, so I don't care to have them used for the research.	
A1RATFICCKLCQ	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7H7M380	UnnamedCompany	851	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1RDQFNF6LD25Z	3IOEN3P9S7K1DN56UVWO4P9JDPY16U	Control	363	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes	Even though they wouldn't be purchasing anything, I still think it is wrong. 	I think that people should be allowed to choose whether or not they want to participate - and should be able to opt out at any time.				I think that spam is dumb and that people should have a legitimate job rather than trying to con other people out of their money. 	I really don't care one way or another. Facebook is not a huge part of my life - and I don't think that it should be. It is a nice way to share information.		I think that going through this experiment would be good for them to know how to be safer in the future. Also, a university account isn't as critical as, say, a bank account.	I think it's fine - as long as there really is no risk.
A1RIDFCBD525ZS	36PW28KO4ZX1KQBLWW8FREUZYHHEA5	NoAdvertising	895	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Still seems too risky.	I wouldn't want to participate, but I don't see any trouble.	Although I believe they have the potential to do this, it in itself is very tricky business, and can be turned against them.		People run into this situation and handle it very often, so it wouldn't seem atypical. I see the experiment running smooth, with little or no trouble from participants.	Seems risky.	Seemingly waste of experimental resources.	It's an experiment. As long as they know that it was just that, they will be okay.	This one would have to be totally up to the person> I wouldn't want to have a say in it, nor would I have a recommendation.	People run into this situation and handle it very often, so it wouldn't seem atypical.
A1RILPRCMP44EU	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJKXG5M	Control	459	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	This is too risky.	I can find nothing objectionable about this, at all.			The researchers should be careful not to use 'security warnings' that would cause the participants to actually alter their computers out of fear.	There seems to be a lot of danger with this study. The researchers cannot trust the spammers or trust that they completely understand how to mitigate the spammers' methods.	It doesn't bother me that Facebook would alter which stories appear in the news feed. They are still available on the individuals' Facebook feeds. But since being included has no distinct benefits, I don't necessarily prefer that my loved one would be included. So I am neutral.	Since the participants learn at the end of the study about the techniques used, I think it could actually be a good learning experience for a loved one.	I don't find anything unethical about this study, and it seems like the results would be interesting, however being included may pose an inconvenience to my loved one.	This would a good opportunity for loved ones to have a learning experience.
A1RIQXY84EIB9S	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEHNRI04	Control	334	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A1RKR5KOPADM8S	3JWH6J9I9SEAX6TQV9BUCC8EUTWBNJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	762	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes									to know the risk and to help them be aware	
A1RKZ08Q25UCOC	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA97T24K	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	I'm not sure how I feel about people who try to make purchases not being told after the attempt was made that it was recorded.		If no harm is going to come to the users, then why not?	I'm a little weary of the fact that the passwords will be checked for accuracy. I feel like that is too much access.						
A1RL9PZSR9DOHY	3XM0HYN6NK087UHNLFQCH9JUXDPEPD	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	213	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no										
A1RMJQB6TAR22Q	3II4UPYCOJ8OF042PXUHBWRJ2PUQDR	InsertPosts	205	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1RN96ZGLINJ0G	3VHP9MDGRNLHJJ8FBLOCFR5NATYFCN	Twitter	678	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	As long as no personal info is taken its seems ok.	I don't think its going to hurt anyone so I suppose.	It seems like a good idea, just should give people a choice.	As long as they have a choice its ok.	I suppose if it were handled the correct way.	Seems like it could be helpful in spam detection.	I don't see how this would really hurt anyone so it doesn't matter.	Yes but people should have a choice if they want their info included or not.	They have a choice in having their data excluded so seems ok.	I am a little unsure about letting people think that they were a security risk.
A1ROIIM9GBBDH	3VW6495TLJ10MDQFC3YP134MJJCYYZ	WithoutPublication	614	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think that they should be informing the people after "making a purchase" or after they visited the store. Maybe let them know the information they entered wasn't saved and no money was taken from them. 	It seems to be technically editing their posts and somewhat censoring them, which shouldn't be happening on a public forum. 	I would feel hesitant about conducting the experiment, as my password would still be collected at one point, and though not stored, it was still given. 	There was no mention of not storing or saving the passwords of the the students who entered them. 	It's harmless, it seems, so why not? There are no actual security risks involved. 					
A1RVTXULYCYT4F	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ34R31X	InsertPosts	1377	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	As long as users are protected.	Adding negative postings to the feed of someone who is already in a desperate state of mind could potentially help send them over the edge.	Users need to be protected.	The users need to be protected.	Best to limit to younger, tech savvy users.	As long as they are protected, I don't think this would necessarily be harmful.	I would not want the mood of someone I care about to be negatively affected by an experiment.	As long as users are protected, I think it's ok.	As long as users are not put at risk, I think this would be ok.	Some are barely computer literate and wary of online activities as it is.  Receiving a dire warning (especially older adults) might cause a medical emergency.
A1RYC2OETJVEG7	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6D72RC3	Control	361	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	To help the fight against spam	Seems unfair	There should be safeguards to protect any sensitive information from getting into the wrong hands.	The fact that they would test the passwords makes me uneasy.	no harm done	So they can learn to be safe	They might be chosen to only see unhappy posts!	I would want to be sure they're safe against hacking.	I would want to be sure they're being secure with their passwords.	I'm curious to see the results
A1S0C6UI5XATJV	3TESA3PJ31B0YFCNAXM3DDU813IMMD	InsertPosts	408	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1S474VG5W0PB9	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1VUW11	InsertPosts	228	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent										
A1S4IB56Z9MCJ6	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ5SY86	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1310	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	All participants must be aware they are participating. Basic ethics.	I am not sure why this would even be an issue. All the participants have to give permission. They are all adults and know what they are doing.	If deception is purposely used I would tell people to opt out.	Only if everyone wants to be a part of the study.	Deception is not ethical.	This is a waste of time for a "participant". They don't know that they are part of the experiment and would most likely opt out.	If the person wanted to be a candidate I don't see any reason that they could not be a participant. I don't see any truly negative consequences to participating.	If deception is purposely used I would tell people to opt out.	The project says nothing about getting permission from the students. If they agree to participate then I don't see any problems with volunteering to be in the study.	The deception is not acceptable. I would tell any "participants" to have their information taken out of this experiment.
A1S5W9N861BFLD	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHG33ZM2	NoAdvertising	10896	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no										
A1S6C6EN8MPKC3	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZL5TG8	InsertPosts	12459	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	there is simply no other way to effectively understand the process and how to thwart it in the future.	I see no value to this study.	Its a serious issue and needs to be addressed in the proper way.	Again- it certainly would be beneficial and I perfectly understand why it would have to be conducted this way in order to be more effective?  but cyber attacks and fraud can really cause anxiety and a lot of fear and confusion.	The information collected can be extremely valuable in protecting users in the future	Again the benefits out weight any risks. Finding a solution to cyber attacks of this nature requires thinking outside the box.	This just doesn't seem like a legitimate use of time to me.. Facebook is using this information to benefit themselves and it should not be allowed.	The benefits out weight the potential temporary risk of anxiety/anger however i would rather it be done on someone other then myself or friends : ( ) 	I can see how it would be beneficial to the research? However it may startle or upset someone so its hard to say yes id want to include my friend.	This research has a valid concern its addressing and is well worth any risk associated.
A1S70ZQ1ZWQ9DL	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEIILUL	Control	371	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It's totally unethical	flat-out unconstitutional	It's totally unethical	this is deceptive and an invasion of privacy	Deceiving unwitting participants is wrong	It's totally unethical	flat-out unconstitutional	It's totally unethical	this is deceptive and an invasion of privacy	Deceiving unwitting participants is wrong
A1S9LJRG1HKX80	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8VGBIJ	WithoutPublication	453	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no				its obvious students would more likely trust an email from a friend			yes to see if their mood changed 			
A1SB15LP2XJVVT	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW827LX2R	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	4370	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent		There is nothing harmful in this experiment	Who is going to guarantee  where this info  goes	It's undercover collecting of private info.   			It's matter of personal choice			
A1SB58ZNBY8DY2	3S96KQ6I9M517GWU61OCG126MXKTD1	WithoutImprovingProduct	1052	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	At the end they are not collecting private info					I would be afraid for them that somehow they would be jeopardized			So they can learn to be careful	
A1SBH6VKUPSYJZ	3R08VXYT7CWDIOZEATQ13TZ94CUW7O	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	11965	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1SDGKX11DE19T	32VNZTT0A75BR50991IODI7ILX44RS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	501	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes				It never says what they do with the passwords						
A1SDWF0ODT81WT	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0Q5VHC1	Twitter	320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A1SE65F2EN67HH	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHF5YXK	WithoutPublication	646	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent									I don't trust the researchers to keep all the information secure.	
A1SEH8A8YN51RB	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28CNFGC	NoAdvertising	486	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A1SEKETYGO8JT9	32XVDSJFPZYARB8U0F3JY4GAVUE2M7	WithoutPublication	416	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Don't like that the participants are never told of their involvement in a study	Again, no informed consent according to how the post is worded, seems similar to the modification facebook itself was doing without informing people.	Interesting thesis	Seems like a good experiment and could teach us something.	As above	Seems like a bad study design as so much is based on whether the researchers actually can take enough control of the spamming software.	Artificially modifying data online without informed consent based on how the experiment reads	Deception is sometimes needed for a blinded study to work, and in this case causes no harm to the participants	Seems like good study design, and with university consent.	Interesting experiment, no harm done to participants, full disclosure after the fact.
A1SENE8ETGF4KZ	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079PEUO6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	803	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			The caution would be that everything is fully explained to and understood by the participants.	I think this could be educational for the students, there should be discussion as to the danger of providing passwords to anybody, even friends.		This seems too deceptive, user behavior is monitored without their knowledge.				
A1SI42A7JUSYHO	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0QA1CHC	InsertPosts	577	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	If the participants are not told, I don't agree with it.			They will have passwords from other people's accounts. That's wring		I don't like the fact that data from their computer is bing used without them knowing about it.			Nobody should have access to ones passwords without permission.	
A1SIJ3BJFDZ8CU	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NEUFH9	WithoutImprovingProduct	385	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes						I know someone who would be interested in this research so I would recommend that they be included. 			I wouldn't want them to incur the stress even if it was for research purposes. 	
A1SJ4EZTJFESUU	3XC1O3LBOSNK5SKMJIM0ZEABV62LTP	NoAdvertising	978	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think it is wrong to use people in an experiment and not let them know about it, even if you tell them after the fact.  	Because the results will be interesting and it will be neat to see how people are influenced by others moods. 	It would be a great learning experience.   	I think it would be wrong to entrap college students in this way.  	The information gained could be useful and I like how they are going to let the participants know what the study was about at the end of it. 	In this experiment people are left hanging, never able to finish what they started.  		The passwords are not being saved or crosschecked, so I am more comfortable with someone I care about participating in this study. 	This is a breach of trust and privacy.  	This could be a great learning experience. 
A1SMTECZU2UDYD	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRTKB16	InsertPosts	2596	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	I believe that privacy issues may negate this one though		The problem is that, as in other areas, once tricks are learned, new avenues are found to get to the people.		Ok, maybe, because you say that there will no be actual security risk,	The cause is a noble one, for the greater one, and no one is hurt physically	Facebook has a lot of victims. I don't go on myself.  There are plenty of people who used it wisely and cautiously, but others using less caution.  Yes, protect them 	The internet users need techniques evade these hackers.  	I  receive a lot of these phishing emails and would be in favor of helping get rid of these attacks	it would be frightening for these individuals who think that they are at risk.
A1SMWAYI7070NQ	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA27HGY03	WithoutImprovingProduct	1197	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	How many people would have trouble with heir anti-virus's or computers with such a study. It seems to me to be a research project of get risk of legal trouble for those conducting it.	As stated above, it could have a bad outcome for facebook.	Many people are not aware of the tricks and dangers from hackers. It would prove helpful to the participants.	Must ensure that participants shown how if info not maintained they are then able to contact them about what they fell victim to.	How will they ensure the participant doesn't just close out all their browser windows and run their anti virus? Would make it difficult to complete the project.	No one in their right mind would allow someone to infect their computer	This involves a person's facebook postings, which should be their choice. I believe facebook has recently had a bit of PR problem over something along this line and do not think it would be wise to do something like this again. It could lead to losing a lot of business.	They would learn about the tricks used by hackers.	It would have to be their call	It would be there decision
A1SQ2MVFX9Y1AA	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4RYKSJ	WithoutPublication	251	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1SQ385J95FIOQ	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WEVD3U9	WithoutImprovingProduct	602	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	I believe this could actually save the participants from making some big mistakes.	I think this is just wrong.		I am unsure whether this is an ethical experiment.		I think this would teach them a valuable lesson.	I think this is highly manipulative.		No, I think it's an invasion of privacy.	
A1SRI5PDX6WB9B	32SVAV9L3FAYASVO7CRJ8NQ27V8A3X	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1241	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	They can just ask people.	They could cause someone to suffer sever depression, and if they are in a vulnerable state, could become suicidal. 	I think they should explore different ways to study this.	This is like something the NSA would do. They could find other ways to just ask study participants if they would divulge the info. Most people are onto email scams. if I got something like that, I would not click the link in the email, I would close it and go to the website directly.	Some people have heart conditions. What if the stress caused a sudden medical problem?	It does not help protect the victims.	Some people have mental anxiety problems, and some people react to too much happiness by others by becoming depressed. 	I'm not sure about this. I don't like deceit.	It is not right to get them to tell sensitive info like that.	I would not want them to experience the stress and worry.
A1SSBN3C7NEPEO	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGAD1UR	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	390	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1SU8C0D1IJYTN	317HQ483I7TKKE7W1J3BYZCRPGLNI3	UnnamedCompany	834	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A1SVUNEZBEG1X8	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TBD09QW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	13522	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no			The research is needed				I don't want my friend used through my Facebook account	A friend shouldn't be used as guinea pig		
A1SXYET0NA1IY5	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2L3PJR	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	644	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	They are unfairly manipulating people without their consent, and preventing them from doing things they want to do.	People agree to follow the rules Facebook sets up, and FB already has algorithms that decide which posts are pushed to the top more often than others (like ones from friends that are frequently liked/visited). This is just a different algorithm.	They aren't actually stealing or preventing people from anything. They are doing the same thing that is already being done, only without all the nasty outcomes that come from being tricked by hackers.	It's a good study, and any bit of dishonesty is corrected at the end by alerting the participants and letting them make the decision.	No harm is done, and valuable information is gathered.	I think it is not right to trick someone out of a purchase they are trying to make, through spam or not.	I think it's an interesting study that could show how negativity effects other people.	I think it's a very valuable experience.	I think it's a good test that doesn't harm anyone.	I think it's a good learning experience for the candidate and for the people reading the study later on.
A1SZ7KTCIYBF62	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFMVG63	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	430	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It is somewhat unethical, even if the spammers were informed of the study.  	It is unethical.	It is unethical.	Its unethical	Its unethical, its a gray area.  You cant measure the behavior you want, ethically.	I personally wouldnt want them to be a participant in this sort of study. I believe it borders on ethics.	The subjects arent notified, therefore it is unethical.	It is crossing the ethical line.	It is unethical because the student doesnt realize he was a participant	It is unethical
A1T2162PMSEH0P	3O6CYIULED2FGZBAN1JCDLDTCQJWUO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	968	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	As long as they test, double check and check again that this absolutely can not cause harm to people's machines or any data on them, I see this as being very important information to find out. And as long as no other data is gathered other than whether or not the person clicked the advertisement and would have attempted to purchase the product.	It's an interesting idea, but I feel there may be better ways to collect this data than manipulating a tool that people use to keep contact with family and friends.	As long as the participants aren't caused distress at any point (such as something popping up saying "I have your password now") or something like that.	As long as nobody gets in trouble for this and everything is done with the university's permission, this seems like a reasonable study.	Again, so long as the messages they receive aren't truly distressing to the people in the study, I think this would be okay.		It would take quite a while of post manipulation to see true results from a study like this. I don't feel people's social media feeds should be manipulated in that way.	Nowadays there are many different kinds of people who use computers. It's important to get all different kinds of people for an experiment like this.		I feel that it's important to explore how to help people safely use their computers.
A1T36MB97YXTYN	3RU7GD8VPOU9HDM5MAAH6QN9YTEPSJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no	I suppose if they are willing also to be prosecuted if any laws are broken.	Yes. Let Facebook shoot themselves in the foot.  I doubt this scenario is real.  Also, 'negative (unhappy) thoughts' is certainly a subjective thing...  Even if this was real, I doubt the findings would be of much value or interest.	See above.	Needs to be done right.  Description of the experiment seemsfair.	Not knowing the particulars, I believe this experiment could be unethical in the impact it might have on the subjects/participants due to a possible (albeit mild) psychological trauma.  It is possible that it would be benign, but I would have to see the specific messages and context.	I just would prefer someone that I care about to be subjected to this experiment. Also, not informing someone who has attempted to make a purchase may lead them to be concerned that their identity or credit information has been stolen.  Research recording a purchase prior to an actual credit card, paypal, or other legitimate payment process would not be a valid attempt to purchase (I put things in a 'shopping cart' all the time, to check shipping rates, etc.).	Wow. Are they doing this?  This is a very odd and specific scenario.  Let's depress random members of our community and see what happens.  	I think it sows distrust in the Turker community.  I don't think this is the place for that.	It might be possible to include contractual language into a student's acceptance of the email account that allows for this.  If this is the case, then it is fair game... since they will also be notified.	Goes in the direction of the Milgrom experiment whereby it creates risk of anxiety. Also, might the user not completely abandon the hit and immediately look for assistance with an issue with their computer?
A1T45PD1TEB0F1	3GD6L00D3SY32QQYHB35TL653QWM1A	WithoutImprovingProduct	504	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							What if I have a friend who is, say, depressed, and they are randomly selected to see negative posts? That could be detrimental to their health. 			
A1T5FYQHAFNQM3	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079N9OUR	UnnamedCompany	674	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	They should be allowed to there research because they can use the data that they get to help people in the \r\nsame situation. 			They should just so they know different methods on helping people with this scenrio,		I would want them to take part but to to be careful on giving out to much information. 			As long as there information isn't given out I wouldn't see the issue.	
A1TA1C5B12CUZF	3PM8NZGV8YH2D69JGXVT53UBI8NXQJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1484	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent		Leave Facebook alone. People's psychological vulnerability can't effectively be measured by Facebook. 	Some people get angry.		Depends on how they recruit the participants. Randomly, off the street without telling them they are part of an experiment? Or by asking people if they want to participate in an experiment, but not tell them the details?	It doesn't seem like any real harm is done in the end.	pointless. leave people be.	No harm done in the end and could be beneficial learning experience for the participant to recognize the real hackers.	I don't want to be that friend. You're already invading privacy by going through that person's Facebook et al. profile.	Security risks can be anything. What are the consequences? In this case, I have no preference - let each person decide.
A1TAM1MHQPXVU8	3S4AW7T80BJ0O75W4HLSR6YJFF7L4V	NoAdvertising	303	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no			Too much could go wrong. 	This is an ethical dilemma and should not be done because of its unethical practices. 			Facebook users agree to this when they sign up. They should be aware of it. 		They could feel uneasy about this project and I would not want them to feel that way. 	
A1TDAJA5WQL73W	3SKEMFQBZ36QN2AGVKZ4TI19ST5K8P	Control	605	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Make sure that the spam is not dangerous to the subject, like containing any computer viruses.		Many people will be upset after they are informed about the experiment's purpose.	As long as the research team gets permission from the school.		I would not want someone I know to be purposefully given spam just for a research experiment.		It's deceptive and and unethical to steal passwords, even if they aren't really stealing it.	Students will feel suspicious of their friends sending them an email and will blame their friend for that email even though they had never agreed to it.	
A1TDBBHA9P4X4P	32SVAV9L3FAYASVO7CRJ8NQ27VLA3A	WithoutPublication	545	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		Only if the participants were aware of the experiment.					I would not want them to be posting negative post and only reading negative posts.			
A1TDS9XV4F75MX	3UJ1CZ6IZHQ5O34M2V138KIS7Y5S52	WithoutPublication	880	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent							Excluding posts suggests to the "vulnerable" user that he/she is not even capable of using Facebook on his/her own. This type of monitoring seems unnecessary.  		I wouldn't want anyone else to have access to my valid passwords.	
A1TEQTP52NS7D1	3HVVDCPGTET45RRL2XBQTMC74HOYT4	WithoutImprovingProduct	648	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	They should fully analyzed the software before using it with testing.	It could have develop emotional problems for those users.		They should give the users a chance to change their password.	It will help with educating users on computer safety	They are using real malware which can be dangerous.	It depends on how strong-willed the user is.	Trust issue	The testers could be malicious with the university's system.	To show them about the risks of computer use.
A1TF61UDPHBP1A	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR3Z2JP	Twitter	663	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	Too many negative consquences and no consent given by subjec	The experiment is victimless and not overly violating.	There is potential for abuse	Real passwords are given out. 		Absolutely not. It's deception that can cause real life issues for the victim. The false belief they purchased something can be damaging.	It seems harmless	It would highlight the need for caution to them.	No real passwords are given and feelings maniuplated by use of friends.	Nothing personal or sensitive is being taken.
A1TGEFPTH2DXAN	3L6L49WXW0YMMI2BCU5LAH2MTDB547	UnnamedCompany	759	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A1THB5Q5PDCEY6	3YMU66OBIN9EERFQ8X8V832FOUGHGY	WithoutImprovingProduct	531	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes	Allowing people to be spammed makes me not want to go through with it.		It could definitely help people be safer.				I would neither object not consent.	I would not enjoy this.	If the experiment were to just protect others I cannot object.	
A1TIAZJPOJAORV	3AMYWKA6YBNM9FC70XUZGLMR6ZD6OP	WithoutPublication	260	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A1TIM4R9R6J7ZF	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMRORZ6	WithoutPublication	1795	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	There would not be too much risk involved  with personal information and this may help solve the problem.	It appears to violate privacy between X and Y	The risks to the research and to the participant of the information getting out is too great.	If the researchers asked the students' permission to verify their University passwords prior to doing so ,..OK 	I do not see any real problem with a fake security warning.	Yes, I would want a persona I care for to participate, as it does not appear to be a large danger since the online store has been disabled and only the researchers wold have access to his/her info.  Perhaps this study could help eliminate Spammers for others.	I don't think it is right to control which posts from X to Y are seen or not even seen by Y. It could cause problems if an important post was not seen by the receiver.	I would not want someone I care for to take the chance that his/her information could in some way be compromised.  The risk, even though small, may outweigh the reward.	I would not want my friend's University password being verified by the to the researches without his/her permission.	It seems to me that members of Mechanicil Turks often take surveys that measure something other than what the survey "sound like". If makes sense that if we were always aware of what was being measured, our responses wold be "colored".
A1TIORF3HIE3QT	34YB12FSQYP065G1ZUO808AB5DDGMY	Twitter	352	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1TISN027LH9AA	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMMOAZ3	Twitter	813	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	As long as the participants consent I see no issue. (full disclosure after the study)	Only with consent.	Consent and full disclosure at the end of the study would be required.	You can't study people without prior consent.	There is no harm caused and it leads to positive research.	As long as the participants consent I see no issue. (full disclosure after the study)	Only with consent.	Consent and full disclosure at the end of the study would be required.	Without prior consent I see this as very dishonest.	I see no harm caused by this experiment as long as everything is disclosed at the end.
A1TKIBTMK1ZQ1K	386CSBG1OZNPURPNFAM35QHRL5L6QX	WithoutPublication	449	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes				Not ethical					Never give out login data to anyone.	
A1TKOHOHB3P6Y0	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRQIJTO	Control	1682	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	If they are not infringing on anyones privacy sure, but its not really going to benefit anyone 	I don't think its necessary but I do think its intrusive 	I think its good to make people aware 	I think its a good eye opener to help people understand the nature of scams like this and why they should not arbitrarily divulge their passwords 	Awareness 	Its research but its not really important 	I don't think its right to mess with anyones Facebook profile without their informed consent and the research might satisfy curiosity but it is not a matter of safety and not really necessary 	good lesson to learn the safer way than it actually happening to you 	I think it would be a good lesson to learn, better learn it through being experimented on than through a true predator who might make off with your entire bank account fund 	Its good to be aware of what sites could cause damage, viruses, or potential hacking issues
A1TLJMLX1ENES9	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6PA1F8	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	544	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1TMBZOD4E5OEP	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRZQ1BE	NoAdvertising	494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A1TNBTCMRK3PSH	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJH6U159	WithoutPublication	349	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1TOENP95NEKWN	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0FKTPA	NoAdvertising	1370	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent						Since that person would not get hurt, possibly disappointed by not being able to actually buy a product, I think this experiment could be helpful in regards to spamming	This does not seem like a necessary experiment, and going through peoples facebook accounts and changing the messages, does not seem right.	Since no one is being harmed, the information could be helpful to protect consumers.	I think this experiment gets to personal, by actually accessing passwords, and this issue, receiving an email from a friend, as part of phishing, does not seem as relevant.	
A1TRRCRQTHRYDY	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6635VW	WithoutImprovingProduct	470	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1TSMYQDZGYWBS	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGCDZ3D	UnnamedCompany	2760	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1TTC7HNGM242J	3S4AW7T80BJ0O75W4HLSR6YJF4DL4F	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1034	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	I'm not sure why we need this research or who is benefits, and it seems like a lot of sneaking around for something that does seem to really help with safety. 	With caution because they are dealing with individuals person Facebook websites and making changes can have a long term effect. 	Maybe, if there were ways of assuring that passwords were completely protected. 	I can't really see a way in which this would work without breaking privacy rules. 	Since there is no risk, they are no doing anything unethical. 	I don't like the the people making purchases and getting emails don't know what is happening, nor does it seem like the stores sending spam more. So the whole research seems a little too sneaky. 	I think it depends on how much the researchers change their facebook and if it gets changed back afterward.	I would want to truly make sure that my passwords were not being used. It makes me nervous that the researchers could get close enough to steal it, but choose not to. 	I don't really trust this as it brings unwanted emails. I think universities do not have the authority to give out emails of students even if it's for research purposes, and a student who signs up for this would know why they are signing up and that may mess up the data. 	There is no risk to them and it would help the research. As long as I trust that there is truly no risk and everything is simply to measure reactions, I would encourage them to participate. 
A1TUWKDKE4BDS1	3K2755HG5S4ROBETBHJNZXN5VLODFJ	Twitter	597	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	You lost me at "Researchers maintain sufficient control." That sounds like a recipe for disaster. 	The experiment does not seem harmful and might be beneficial.					I have no strong feelings either way about this experiment. 		There are too many things that could go wrong with this experiment that could result in sensitive information being leaked.	
A1TVJFCBQF40LY	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CCMJZ2	Twitter	1164	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1TWMCCVI4Y5KJ	3I7DHKZYGN1WKYZ0WB141LZDIB7F58	Control	586	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A1U0Q9GM4NMC3B	3OS4RQUCR9GY9EG9XLSH47Z5S4WBF2	WithoutPublication	468	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes							This study was recently done by Facebook and seems to be legal; why not?	It seems alright.		This seems better than the previous two because it has to do with keeping the users' security intact.
A1U2JFE3N4ML6R	3FIJLY1B6U50D8HJGQAIZR4U9CXFPL	WithoutImprovingProduct	655	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	This study is unethical because it is collecting data from people without their consent on their personal computers. This is a breech of privacy.	I am weary of this study because of the effect it has on people's moods and possibly well-being. I would require this study to monitor those who are in the positive posts controlled group and provide counseling as a resource through and after the study if I were to proceed.	I would be weary of the repercussions of using deception. However, I think this study is not harmful and for academic purposes and therefore justified.	This study seems ethical to me. No one is being harmed and no data is being abused. This is for academic purposes and the benefit gained will outweigh the con.	Although deception is utilized, it is not harming the participant and the participant is made aware of the deception at the conclusion of the experiment.		If the person I cared about happened to be in the group with a limited proportion of negative posts, I would worry about the effect on their happiness level.			
A1U3PY4HV340YG	35H6S234SA10156PVIY07FM0P9F560	WithoutPublication	640	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no					I understand why this research is a good idea, but it seems like there should be other ways to do it, maybe...				If someone is going to fall victim to this type of thing, I would rather it happen in a controlled experiment where they weren't actually hurt, then they could be notified and learn from their mistake.	sometimes people who aren't computer savvy get scared by warnings and those warnings make it harder to for those people to try new things--even not associated with the computer
A1U505WQIIYD8U	3C5W7UE9CFRBSRBRO4OCOUA683BMXY	UnnamedCompany	908	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes			Hackers should be taken seriously, and I don't think any study that runs the risk of making me believe I'm in danger of identity theft should be done. 	I don't open anything from anyone I don't know, and I certainly don't open links in any email regardless of who sent it. I'm not sure this experiment will produce what they want; personally, it'd make me more wary of email than I already am.	Although the experiment is a good one, there is a slight ethical problem stating that participants need to be informed of the experiment and any deception they might go through.	I would not trust any link in an email unless I could verify that it was legitimate.	There's no reason not to participate. To me, the experiment is like going on facebook, just with less of a news feed.	Hacking attempts are very common, and this experiment would likely terrify the participant into thinking their accounts were truly hacked, which could (in their minds) mean their identity and online banking is at risk. Not something I'd want anyone to go through.	I've had viruses as a result of untrustworthy email. Even if this is an experiment, email is not something I feel should be used. It's too fragile, and too many internet threats rely on email.	I see no real harm in the experiment. I've seen security risk warnings on the computer; the most they do is cause a little bit of nervousness, I think.
A1U5ALU57QUHZM	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJLG5GW	UnnamedCompany	525	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes								This would make some technology illiterate people become more paranoid and possibly prone to nervous mistakes.		
A1U7AAKEZ4YXZD	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KLILIW	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	567	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	It seems like a real threat					To much risk		It would be a good way to tell if your password is secure enough		It would cause no real harm.
A1U8SG1ZKX48GG	3PEIJLRY6TU7X355S6UZXSCX65SXW3	WithoutImprovingProduct	337	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes			They would really have to make sure the passwords are not kept under any circumstance.			Doesn't seem to hurt them				
A1U95W5X8D5DK7	3AMYWKA6YBNM9FC70XUZGLMR61W6OC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	167	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1UAZBA3HAR3KX	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079M9UOV	NoAdvertising	694	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	I don't believe it is ever okay to collect information about people without their consent.			See explanation above.		I just don't feel that data being collected about a person without their knowledge is ever okay.	Having some stupid algorithm determine what you should see and not see on facebook is insane. You should see everything about everyone of your friends if you choose, not what has been selected for you to see.	Some people are easier duped than others and I don't feel that, even with the intention of learning, that it's okay to persuade others to share passwords.	For this experiment, since the students would have the ability to opt out of the experiment (even after it was performed) I have some better feelings about it. The key being, I'm still not 100% sure this is still an okay method of gathering data.	Since participants will be notified after the process, it seems that this falls into the "okay" category, but I'd still rather not participate and not have people I cared about participate.
A1UD0RA86BEB73	3IJXV6UZ1XK5ZCZOUQKS7JH1QH2RIV	WithoutImprovingProduct	511	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Does not seem like an ethical experiment. There must be other ways to gather this information.	This seems unethical.	Seems important as hacking seems to be a big problem.	Again, I don't believe it follows the typical standards because participants wouldn't be aware of risks.	Seems like a fair experiment without risk.	Doesn't seem honest, especially the fact that the researchers will not inform users who are trying to make a purchase that store has been disabled.	Don't believe it is right to include or take away friends' posts in newsfeed.	Doesn't seem like there is any danger to participant.	It's not entirely ethical I suppose. However, I cannot imagine how anyone could truly be hurt or damaged by it.	This seems perfectly reasonable. There is no damage that could occur to the person's emotional state or computer.
A1UDGIM99MCRH1	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9SQ0K9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	620	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes				Ensure that all researchers are ethical. 						
A1UEMRNOR9OTO	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CN6AP7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	980	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	As long as no personal information is taken, and the subjects remain anonymous, then the only issue is the participant's desire to buy a certain product may come to light in someway. 	People didn't sign up for face to be part of social experiments. These experiments should only proceed if given permission by the users.		Even though the end might justify the mean, It's a dangerous road to go down by saying that it's all done for the better good.			Facebook is not the place for such manipulation. 			In the end there is no harm to the participant other than being deceived for part of experiment. 
A1UFGSWLLICPOW	3X87C8JFV6CUHPNKMNP66VDJ3QMQSZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	393	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Spamming for science instead of profit. 	There is no risk involved.	Keep the information secure and don't abuse the information.	Keep the information safe. 	There is no risk involved.	It would stop them from getting real spam email. 	There is no risk involved.	As long as their information is not compromised than it does not matter. 	As long as their information is not compromised.	This sounds interesting and there is no risk. 
A1UFL8YM3QY1T8	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0QZRHCL	InsertPosts	588	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1UFOEXY6QIV2Q	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QNWZVO8	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	442	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A1UH396UOK0X9Z	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZI85F4I	WithoutPublication	4856	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	I understand their reason for wanting to do the experiment but it seems that this could be a little risky.	I do not feel that this is necessary. Seems to be a violation of peoples right to talk and privacy.	I am not sure that it is really necessary.	I understand the reasoning but it could upset a lot of people and they just might use the internet less.	I feel that it may upset people when being this deceptive. It is almost just like the real thing. 	This seems too risky.	I do not feel that this is necessary.	I do not feel it is necessary to participate and I do not know anyone who would willing complete such a survey. 	I would not want to subject anyone I know to that.	I do not want to subject them to this kind of situation.
A1UHLCPFQFKC24	3OE22WJIGIPAW2FOBSK6LWV7OY7QU1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	465	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The experiment description does not properly describe the relationship between the subject and the computer in question. Is this a computer in a library? A personal computer that's been hacked?						I don't agree with manipulating someone's private account.			
A1UIID7X0JJZ63	3E47SOBEYQX1TAA5CTUXIOIFQJHIC4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1UK3BGMI9Y661	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVWX290	Control	790	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	While there is some deception involved, this seems like the best way to research a topic that can have valuable results.	It's sneaky, and I don't really like it, but there are valuable things that can be learned. 	Tips to prevent password theft could be a good result, however, even someone with good intentions could fall to the temptation of recording someone else's passwords.	I personally would love to see the results of this study.	Security warnings are an essential part of modern computing, and this is valuable research.	While there is some deception involved, this seems like the best way to research a topic that can have valuable results.	While I wouldn't want to be manipulated like this, it's not something that can cause irreparable harm to someone. Also, by signing up for facebook, you agree to abide by their terms of service, which would cover this.	I don't like the thought of anyone I care about having passwords potentially stolen (because security can fail or unscrupulous researchers can sabotage projects).	As they will be notified, this would be a good learning experience for them, as well as for the researchers.	Security warnings are an essential part of modern computing, and those I care about are affected.
A1UME0B12C74S0	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28CNGFD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	526	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	although it is said that privacy will be maintained to a certain degree, giving over your computer to someone is ill advised.			Doing something unethical and then asking for forgiveness isnt a great idea. 		I dislike like the idea of someone else being able to use a personal cmputer that is not theirs.  Allowing ones computer to be infected by spam is another disturbing thought. 				
A1UNAJF3E5HHI7	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9DG5TT	NoAdvertising	1684	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Many people do not understand spam and are targets everyday for being scammed.	This is an important study to them to see how people respond to someone's negative or positive post.	It will help users from falling prey to this stealing of passwords and to recognize when it is happening to them so they can prevent it.	This is important research that will help students and other young people to recognize phishing and prevent from giving out their passwords to these emails.	This will help the researchers to know which warnings are effective and which ones are not.  This will help them to know which ones to use in the future.	It would help them to understand spam and to recognize when someone is trying to steal from them while trying to make you believe they are legitimate.	Yes, because Facebook in a place where a lot of people go to post their feelings and thoughts.  Others respond by being there for them in good and bad times.  It helps to have a lot of friends to share things with.	They would be helping the researchers to see how people's passwords are being stolen and then be able to help people to prevent this from happening in the future.  I would change my passwords immediately after giving them out to protect myself.	People fall for this everyday and loose lots of money because they usually give their password to their accounts without realizing they have falling prey to phishing.	This research will help users to recognize which warnings to take seriously and which ones they can ignore.
A1UNPARDXFTEQR	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QNWQVOZ	WithoutPublication	1081	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It's more beneficial to teach people about the caution of opening up spam e-mails than monitor their effectiveness.	People are using Facebook to keep in touch with their friends. It's already glitchy enough, this might make them miss something important.	This one offers no harm to the individual, but it is gathering sensitive information such as passwords. So extra care needs to be taken to ensure the passwords aren't stored.	On one hand, it would be great information to have, but on the other hand it seems like it's going a little too far.	Some people may report them or be unlikely to finish the research because they're worried about a breech in their computer.	This one definitely seems to be going too far. The users don't even seem to find out they're taking part in the research.	They're missing valuable things if certain posts on their friends list are being withheld from them.	In this one, they're being told that it's part of research, but at the same time they're being deceived into giving the password. On one hand, it's a learning experience and on the other, it's better to make a stupid mistake that will be harmless rather than when it matters.	Snooping around on someones facebook to find out their friends just to use in the experiment seems to be going a little too far. Couldn't they simply use a teacher as the 'person of trust'?	If there is no actual security risk, I don't see the harm. This is beneficial in the end.
A1UOLMWX4LC2PP	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ537P070	WithoutImprovingProduct	664	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A1UOQIOIQKSCF9	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNLOS25	NoAdvertising	355	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1UQLTYTQKITAD	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024CUQMK3	Twitter	406	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	They must maintain full control of their research	As long as no important information is kept from people	Some people are very sensitive about these things	As long as no personal info is obtained or released	I see no harm in this	Sounds harmless enough	This kind of thing happens often anyway	Password security is very important regardless of who is participating	Phishing is very common and needs to be stopped	I see no harm in this
A1US9EJYVBJG4E	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQXP2OO	Twitter	4582	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent						I think it's a good experiment	I think some people really get effected by things like this	I'm always suspicious of giving my password in any circumstance other than ones I am used to (like online banking), otherwise for testing purposes or what not, I would lose some trust	I think this is also a good experiement	This is an interesting experiment and I don't think it would cause emotional harm
A1USZ025UTQH4Z	3JWH6J9I9SEAX6TQV9BUCC8EUU5NB6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	519	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no					I could not trust them with my privacy.					I do not like deception tactics.
A1UTAO13SA2MCL	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHEJH0P	Twitter	285	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A1UTBDKOQ2MKUD	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZI7R4FR	WithoutPublication	554	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	Since it's for research purposes and it is in a controlled environment					Does not matter to me, if they want to be part of it then they can				
A1UU7TGOTQPBCL	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFQ0OIT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	695	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	I think they can do it, but there is a line to where I think they have to stop a scam from happening. 	Like I said, it's not a bad experiment and can have interesting results. 	hopefully it doesn't fall into the wrong hands.	could make some people angry. 		I would not want someone I cared about to be part of a scamming experiment.	I don't think it's a harmful experiment and might be interesting to know. 		would be an interesting experiment to see.	I don't seen any real harm in it and it might make them more aware of warnings. 
A1UUNYHX3M8O3O	3EF8EXOTT1WD1IKDEEQDDTEOZUN1J3	Control	1252	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	I don't see a problem with is as long as they aren't being malicious or stealing information	Facebook is meant for privacy, not tests of any sort.	This is helpful in the long run.	Tests like this are necessary to build internet security. 	I don't see a problem as long as they are careful and nothing malicious occurs.	I think it's necessary to test out how hazardous spam is. As long as the participant doesn't lose any valuable information, I see no problem with it.	This feels like a breach of privacy to me. I don't think any tests should be allowed through facebook.	Hackers and hacking is a huge concern in the internet world so studies like this that help to crack down on it are useful in my eyes. 	I once again don't see any problems with it as long as nothing malicious is being done to the participant.	Tests like these are very valuable and necessary. Security is a huge risk so any study aimed to work on it is helpful in my eyes. 
A1V6CP5I0TOSAR	3GD6L00D3SY32QQYHB35TL653SK1MH	UnnamedCompany	269	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1V7DGZO4NYYLX	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FF2IYNP	Control	200	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A1V9EDXHNQGAFV	32Q90QCQ1SM7W3K78NL4LSXV318EKX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	824	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	experiments are necessary for progress although I wouldn't want someone I care about to participate I'm indifferent towards the participation of strangers	facebook shouldn't take advantage of its users this study has no benefits to society	it would be beneficial to learn more about hackers this can improve future security  	the study will make future emails safer from phishing 	yes because it will improve future warnings 	I wouldn't want someone I care about to be used and cheated for someone else's benefit 		no as I previously stated I don't want someone I care about getting duped 		like I said before I feel like that would be taking advantage of someone I care about
A1VDH7AOXT5W53	37UEWGM5HT9UZ63QMJZMFK0F9I61RY	UnnamedCompany	480	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It does not sound like participants agreed to participate in this study, and the researchers are interfering with their choices and with those of the spammers in real life, not in the context of an academic study.	This affects people's actual lives, albeit in a small way, and their interactions with friends and family. Participants did not provide consent. 	While deception is involved, I don't think anyone's rights are violated and the explanation provided at the end could even be educational for participants.					It doesn't seem like this experiment would have any major positive or negative effects on participants.		
A1VF6T2E3PWU9K	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEIPWRKJ	InsertPosts	265	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A1VG57PR0OPJTP	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXB7GL6L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	349	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	so people can learn to be safe	n/a				so he could be informed	n/a			
A1VIP6S8H2XXH7	3C5W7UE9CFRBSRBRO4OCOUA6837XM5	WithoutPublication	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes	Have to make sure no personal data is corrupted.		See above, passwords are sensitive data.	See above, passwords are off limits to me.			There is no risk, it is just altering the items that participants are exposed to.	Passwords are sensitive information, any threat to that data is wrong.	Same reason as the previous password research experiment, passwords are sensitive information.	There is minimal actual risk involved with the experiment because there is no actual security risk.
A1VJ2YO0HTHNJK	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKEKYQT	Control	549	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes										
A1VJAEPNA6YARO	3RRCEFRB7MDOBYJKD4WYD32E3MJ4BJ	Twitter	792	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	The researchers should be monitored and undergo checks to make sure they aren't collecting information in a way they aren't supposed to.	I think it's completely unethical and offensive to manipulate other people for research.	I think the researchers should be carefully monitored and possibly should have to undergo background checks to ensure they are trustworthy.	All researchers would have to be closely monitored, but the bigger problem is that University researchers would be targeting their own students without their knowledge that an experiment is taking place.  I think it's highly unethical.	As long as the people involved are aware that they are part of an experiment (even without the actual details) I think it would be ethical to continue.	Again, there is no guarantee that one of the researchers will not use the information or store information so I wouldn't want anyone I care about to be in that situation.	It's unethical to manipulate other people without their knowledge or permission, and especially so to publish the results of the experiment that people didn't even know they were involved in (even if the results are only aggregate).	I understand that no passwords will actually be stored but since I don't know the researchers personally, there isn't any guarantee that one of them wouldn't actually use any information collected.	I think this has the same ethical problem as the other experiments.  There is no way to truly guarantee the safety of any information, and it raises other ethical concerns because the students will not know they are part of a research study and that anyone may have that information until after.	It doesn't seem unethical and no personal information will be gathered, so I wouldn't care either way if someone were a participant.
A1VKXLESW6SAHR	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSZCVLP	Control	391	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes										
A1VL7AAOUPDN72	36DSNE9QZ5ZYXAREKGOOPPRWS7SOJC	InsertPosts	2278	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no										
A1VO8E1TC7IJFY	39OWYR0EPKSUMM9K7D61CIX6DC4FY9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1040	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It seems like a good idea, but I'm just not sure about not disclosing information to the participants.  I think transparency is pretty important.		I would be much more trusting of this research than the phishing experiment.  Since the passwords/user info aren't stored, and since you won't be logging into someone's account, I think privacy is still protected.	It seems like the participants would have to put a lot of trust in the researchers' hands.  Part of me says yes because it seems like it could have some interesting findings, but the other part of me worries about password privacy.  I'll say yes, with caution, because I think the potential pros outweigh the potential cons.	This seems pretty safe, and since no actual harm will be done to the participants, I think it can be a good tool for security studies.					
A1VOSEDQTQDL57	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV34YIHB	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1129	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent			There is no sensitive information collected.	They seem to have the proper safegaurds in place to protect the participants.		This study could cause problems and inconveniences for its participants.		It could teach them to avoid hacking in the future.	The study doesn't seem beneficial or detrimental to the participants.	
A1VR06Y8B6MNXU	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCKCNCU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1122	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	No risk	No risk	No risk	Again, no risk is involved.	No risk.	No risk, learning experience for participants	No harm in this	No risk, learning experience	Nobody is at risk here unless the researchers are also malicious, which is unlikely.	No risk.
A1VSCCBCER1YAT	38F5OAUN5NDVLY4PFU412QPMPVDH7J	WithoutPublication	899	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	I feel conflicted	it seems like a fair study	I think that the passwords should be encrypted so no one can access them	i dont believe they should try to actually access peoples  accounts if people are foolish enough to answer a phishing email they should be notifiyed instead of info bei g taken	seems liker they have already thought of the precautions to keep surveyors safe	seems risky for some that are not tech savvy	i think it would be good to show how others influence ones thoughts most people dont realise the dangers of facebook	i think people need to be aware but I would be leery about my password not being collected there is always temptaion	I want people to understand the dangers that are out there and the lengths upoin which devious people would go to to get there information.	i would show how easy people can be fooled into thinking things are safe
A1VSFCK41E0MO0	3IO1LGZLK9YJONPRTG53JZWRRUJ86Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	731	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	All of the risks I can think of seem to be addressed with the measures the researchers are taking.	Be aware of what negative feedback could do to someone suffering from depression, a death in the family, or worse.	The scenario could cause less savvy technical users to have a lot of concern. The context for the tests would need to be constrained just to a web browser -- which makes implementation of the test very challenging.	The methodology should be revised because the research question is important. Consider using a different organization or entity that isn't the university itself.	Care has to be given as to how the potential security risk warning is presented -- if it causes enough concern then the subject may not complete the task (closing all browsers, shutting down software).	This model allows collection of data and observations of malware in a safe environment.	Negative impacts seem low - as long as some sort of prescreening to keep negative feedback away from participants who might be at risk for hurting themselves.	It would be helpful to get better data on this problem. Participation could work towards that end AND help the participant to be more aware of security practices they should observe.	Using the University as a foil for the attack could reduce the participants trust of the organization itself. It reduces the trustworthiness of all future communications.	The task doesn't put them at risk, beyond basic initial concern generated by the warning.
A1VUN1H8AWMN1O	3Z7VU45IPYI31XPHW0TZ1N2EI0E1ZI	WithoutImprovingProduct	341	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A1VWA8PZEGTZ9I	3OJSZ2ATDSXJ55KUES3SDTMWKJX57V	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	908	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A1VWIK13NJAAJU	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUNT1EM	Twitter	305	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1VY46WCT7RK96	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079O7OUR	Twitter	1385	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	This experiment will not harm the participants at all except for a little frustration at not being able to complete a purchase, which may not be all bad because many people shouldn't be spending as much anyway.	The researchers would be holding back posts from some peoples' views and this may inadvertently upset some people or affect their personal lives.	This is only helpful and it brings awareness of internet safety to the public once the results are published.	This would not be putting the users' information at risk since the company doing the research would be reputable and would not abuse the information.	This experiment also brings awareness to internet safety and does not harm the participants.		I would be interested to see how invested they really are in their social networking accounts.	I would want them to know that they had been deceived by a source like this as opposed to a malicious source so they would become more aware of what they do on the internet.		
A1VZSFHTU51JP0	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTPZZUN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	10036	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent					Sometimes you have to be secretive to get results in studies. 	This seems risky to me and I wouldn't want them to be part of it. 		I just don't trust passwords ever being used/seen even if they aren't being collected. 	I find that this study goes too far as far as privacy is concerned. 	I see no reason they couldn't be part of it. There's no potential harm that could come to them so it doesn't matter to me either way. 
A1W29H0AQ3YRUE	3JJVG1YBEBY67HNKR9F8IV8S36U5BH	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	220	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1W2ECEHMG55BU	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZ6I9WL	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no										
A1W343WGN3ORDP	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VAGHKI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	671	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	I see no harm here and if anything can be done to reduce spam, I'm for it.	It's not clear to me whether people I this experiment volunteer to have their posts altered.  If they do not know and so done is randomly coming into their feed and messing with it, that would be troublesome to me.				I don't see any harm in it.	I don't see how it could harm the person, so I would not object.  On the other hand, I don't see much value in Facebook so it would not interest me much	I see no harm in it and hopefully the debriefing would teach him or her something about protecting themselves from real hackers.		
A1W36Q5THCHYUZ	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0N9N2J	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	8860	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	no										
A1W51VDHIIWA8F	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHQ6YX7	Twitter	1211	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	There is less potential for abuse.	It infringes upon their First Amendment rights to freedom of speech, and is unscrupulous.	If one or more of the users were unscrupulous, the participants data might be stolen and it could have disastrous consequences for the research organization.	Although the students will be informed subsequent to the study as to the nature thereof, and have the option to exclude their results, they would have been tricked into submitting their valid passwords.	As already stated, this experiment poses no risk to the participants. There is no actual threat involved, just a perception thereof.	This seems like a safer experiment than the previous one.	Because some of the Twitter posts will be excluded from the news feed without the users consent, it infringes upon their First Amendment rights to freedom of speech.	I wouldn't want that person to take the slightest risk their password (and therefore data)might be compromised despite the assurances.	There is significant potential for compromise via theft or abuse of the users' passwords.	This experiment poses no risk to the participants.
A1W7QLLENVP2AE	3CPLWGV3MO0R9DETXPXYL6DO6Q9N9V	InsertPosts	586	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	Allowing participants to make dummy purchases with (presumably) legitimate financial information is not prudent	If participants are selected at random, and with care, I can't see a reason to prevent it	As it stands it seems that it could be both intrusive and frightening for the participant	Similar to my reasoning above	You can never be to careful to mitigate risks in situations like these	Again, this is too far beyond ethical limitations	Despite the implications I am mildly intrigued by this very phenomenon	This seems to go a bit beyond the pale in terms of ethical behavior.	Consent is an important feature of research studies, and it is not in play here	It seems benign enough, and an interesting premise about how we go about using electronic media.
A1W873FCQ778UE	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9N08SC	InsertPosts	547	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			password security is an important thing for everyone to be aware of and any research done could help educate people about the importance of it. 		Computer security is a serious issue and we should figuring out ways to protect everyone. 		I don't believe a social network should be used as a way to conduct experiments.		I think having students passwords is a little too much personal information for researchers to have. 	
A1W8FA5GSFY60C	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NK2HFV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1129	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes		I feel that way but others may not.	I think it would be a good idea, and very eyeopening, to see how many people fall for it and if there are ways to protect ourselves from it				I don't want my newsfeed manipulated	Why not?  As long as the research was done by legitimate people, I don't see in the hard in learning a little about the tactics people use to steal passwords and such		
A1W9TS5SW13KLQ	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP5WB93	UnnamedCompany	344	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes			Make sure the information isnt shared.			Spam email are easy to delete or block if they decide they no longer want to participate. It does not hurt anyone.		it could be a good learning experience for users.		
A1WA12V0KMNASB	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUGNQHY	Control	272	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no				Because they hold your password and are unaware and did not choose to participate.					The fact that the researchers would have a hold of this person's password is daunting.	
A1WBGYZ6Y8NJ9	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9USK0Z	WithoutPublication	800	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1WCAXCHWZPTFQ	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPY7E03A	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	563	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			I think it is needed to make more people aware of computer security.		I don't see how it can cause any harm, and there is a good reason for it.	I don't see how this would endanger the participants.		I don't really care either way.  It's their choice to participate.		I think it is important to help people understand the importance of security warnings.
A1WCFPZ8WJJKYE	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X3IUH0	InsertPosts	336	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A1WDDU9S1RR34T	3FTOP5WARFPDUTZVIVMDZOVEU6E0J4	UnnamedCompany	720	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I don't believe that anything malicious is being done here.	Yes.  Affecting moods....who the hell cares	I would hope that there is no way of collecting the actual passwords.  Even though the summary above says that they are not collected the team of researchers could be less than honest	The actual collection of passwords scares me	The study could possibly change the way that people use security.  My concern is that if a person is given a task and come across a warning they will blindly continue the task because someone asked them to do it...basically they assumed they were safe and the results would be skewed	I would prefer that people opt into this survey so that spam and malicious email can be more controlled	I would not care either way.  It is up to that person whether they want to be included or not	I'm all for security and protecting people	I think this violates some ethics by actually collecting the passwords.  Since tese are used on many sites (foolishly) it could go to a bad place	Once again, I'm all for people becoming aware of and being protected.
A1WEJGJZ75GJWF	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA27ES0YB	NoAdvertising	737	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	Nothing wrong with monitoring existing spammers for data	The methodology for conducting this experiment is highly unethical	This seems like a much more ethical method, however the results will likely be skewed using turkers, since most are aware that many of these surveys use deceptive means to get the info they want	It is valuable research, but where is informed consent? Seems a little bit unethical so maybe it could be revised		I don't want anyone I care about to fall victim to malicious email marketing	No informed consent!	Seems much more ethical	Sounds like valuable research, so don't care whether myself, friends or anyone else is included	
A1WGGGEABJ7S23	338JKRMM260D402NMXGLCHRCQ6YAHO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	597	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes				Too much of a security risk for those entering their passwords.		I'd rather them get sent to a fake store if they were foolish enough to follow a spam link than the real thing.	Emotional manipulation is not a good thing to do to your users.		Passwords being tossed around any system unnecessarily is a bad idea.	
A1WHXGGWU6Q0KW	3TE22NPXPBD4QZYBYPMB5PW8TK744Y	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	929	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	They must make sure that the participants are actually redirected to the test website.			It's a controlled phishing experiment, and the participants' data will only be used for the purposes of determining how people react to phishing.			I don't use Facebook anymore.	Their information would only be used for the purposes of determining how many people fall for the tricks.	Participating in the experiment might help that person be better informed about phishing scams.	
A1WJQFUJFDCST5	3ND9UOO81K3CX9OGENRBMYHAZ3JWLV	Twitter	470	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	No guarantee of safety	It is interfering with communications.	Again, the research is valuable and no harm will be done.	They aren't reading anything confidential in the accounts. They aren't using the passwords.	There's nothing untoward and the research is valuable.	The spammers are smart enough that you can't guarantee that the experiment is safe.	It is interfering with the newsfeeds.	The research is valuable and no harm will be done.	There is oversight, and nothing will be hurt. Also, it might scare them into paying attention to phishing scams.	Again, nothing untoward is going on, and if they fall for it they might be scared straight.
A1WKENA5660Y84	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMPULE0S	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	681	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	This could be misused by the spammers		It could help improve security.		Because new information can be learned.	This could be misused				
A1WL3NZ50YEOWP	3V26SBZTBDF0WTAP4B2RTHMQV78ZZ6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	658	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This sounds pretty shady.	I'm pretty sure that it's already happened, but people shouldn't just be randomly experimented on and should definitively be compensated if they want to participate.	I've done some of the little make up a password HITs before. They're usually easy and pay well. Plus, I don't use my actual passwords for them. I've never done one where they pretend to steal my passwords.	You don't randomly do these kinds of things to people	When you say security risk, do you mean like a popup about "your computer has been infected by a virus" or something? Because I feel like that would make people return the HIT and tank your TO rating. That wouldn't be good for anyone.		Pretty sure that Facebook was recently doing this. I wouldn't want people that I know to have had this done to them without their consent.			
A1WO3400OW5WFY	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F5ZYQ2D	NoAdvertising	1244	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent		When you sign up for facebook you need to read the fine print and know you are not in complete controll				I don;t think emails should be monitored without knowing.	When people use facebook they should be aware they are putting their info out there for many/all to see 	Because then they can know what they need to look out for while on the internet.		
A1WP73JZ9BE5IQ	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ8F6Z0	UnnamedCompany	810	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1WPV6J39K5Z2K	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D13D3L6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	720	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	when people enter their credit card or bank account numbers, it could be risky, so the researcher should be very careful. 	sounds like it would make an interesting article and i would love to read the results. 	when dealing with people's passwords, it's a tricky and potentially dangerous thing	i think it might be helpful to stop people from being robbed on the internet if this study was performed. 	i think it could help with security warnings being taken more seriously. 	it sounds a little risky. i don't like it. 	sounds harmless and interesting. i would actually like to be a part of this study too. 	i do not trust that the passwords were not actually stolen. 	it sounds harmless, so i don't think i would mind either way as long as the person  i care about will not in anyway be harmed 	it is harmless so i would not mind either way.
A1WQSZDBSYT2FC	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4F4GW87	WithoutPublication	708	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	It is not appropiated.	Only if the people is agree and had receive a full and cler explanation of the experiment.	Affect privacy.	It is an invasive action.	Being carefull.	It is not appropiated.	If the person agree to permit that.	Not appropiated.	I think it is not appropiated.	It is not suitable for all people.
A1WR2AKX164FZO	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I656QOX	Twitter	688	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I don't think that people should be allowed to tamper with people's posts and profiles, even if it's not necessarily harming anyone.		I think in a sense it's wrong, because it's doing the exact same thing that the hackers are doing.	It would be interesting to learn how many people will let almost anything into their computer.		I would honestly like to see all of their post, no matter the content.			
A1WSCX6BO58DHB	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU49ZWP0	WithoutPublication	517	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent			I think this is a good idea for research, but it could be tricky since password information can be personal.	I find it way too personal to access information from someone's Facebook for a study without permission from the person.						
A1WTFP5B7RZNFB	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F54Z2Q0	WithoutImprovingProduct	374	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A1WUMSLWGOP0T	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68PUB0VH	UnnamedCompany	1470	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	The researchers need to be able to understand how spam works and without testing participants this will be impossible. My only concern is how is this going to help stop spamming or is this just for statistical purposes?	No where does it seem to mention that participants will be informed about what took place, furthermore this experiment seems to be manipulating data to prove a point.	Yes, but general information about the research should be given to participants before the experiment.	Yes, but again, the participant needs to be warned and asked in a very general way. The participant needs to consent. People already know about phishing therefore warning them before hand will not compromise the study.	I believe the researchers should be allowed to proceed with this experiment as long as at the end of the project the participants are told what actually was going on.	I don't mind being a subject of research or my close ones being the same as far as this is going to be beneficial for helping to reduce spam. 	Why not just collect data about how many positive thoughts are followed by friend's positive thoughts and how many negative thoughts follow as a result?	I think most computer users are aware of hackers but that does not stop users from falling prey. Letting the participants know a head of time that such research is being conducted should not interfere with the results.	Yes, but they should be warned before hand in a very general way and asked if they would like to participate, otherwise there could be a lot of opposition when the person finds out.	I would want them to participate because they are helping in understanding how to present security warnings to users.
A1WXYFJDSET7OT	3KYQYYSHYV8LUORMAK2DMRWJNNYOD1	WithoutPublication	506	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes		As long as it's known that the participants volunteered for the experiment in advance. 	This has got to be vetted really carefully. It's of interest to every intelligence agency on the globe. 	It would damage the credibility of the organization they participate in to be involved in phishing attacks. 	It seems ethical to me. Security warnings pop up all the time. Sometimes the user already knows about them. 	Compromising your computer security seems hazardous. 	This seems like a valid research tactic. 	Because a social engineering attack could include pretending to be a scientific experiment. 	No study that involves anyone to give passwords is legitimate. 	Sometimes security warnings pop up for a known reason. 
A1WYFHBL5R0DJR	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS6Q65DM	WithoutImprovingProduct	381	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A1X1U11YXOSZH7	3MHW492WW0EJO26WOPNU09DLS49MVP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1272	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes										
A1X2U6MPQ4OQMT	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z58OFG	Control	1125	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	Could provide great insight about how spammers operate in order to better understand them	Social media experiments are very important and the data could provide great benefits	I think that the researchers have a great study here and there are many benefits for those who participate	People could get angry and blame the people who they thought's profiles they were clicking on since they don't know its a study, but most risks are minimal for this	Could be a good way to find data about how people make decisions about computer security, which could benefit those who sell online security software	Since participants don't have to risk the health of their own computer in this experiment it seems safe	Doesn't seem like a experiment that would cause any harm to someone who would participate	I think that it would be a good idea for anyone who uses the internet to participate in this survey because it could help them prevent getting their personal information get stolen online in the future	I believe that being exposed to this form of cyber attacking can be beneficial so that people understand that they are at risk and can be smarter in the future	There is no risk involved in this study since the security risk prevented is not real
A1X3OQ5WYE6I0K	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRO6TJI	NoAdvertising	1108	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Possibly, but there needs to be a way to work with participants to see how the spam mail is affecting them, without violating their trust in using an online site.	Again, unfortunately, it seems that FAcebook has already conducted such an experiment.  This sounds like a very manipulative social experiment.	If such an experiment were to be conducted, I think the researcher should allow all participants to create a "dummy" account to be used during the research study. Because it wouldn't be the user's real email address, this might be a way to reassure users that no real emails were hacked...	I feel like this is too much of a violation of privacy.  Also, due to federal privacy rules (FERPA), I think this is a violation of the releasing of the student's personal data. It seems to me unlikely that the university would release such information to anyone other than the student.	As a participant, I think I would want to know the premise of the test because I think many people would probably abandon the survey if they thought it was causing problems on their computers.  If, however, the participants were using a computer provided by the researchers, that might be a way to reduce anxiety among the participants, because they would not be as worried about the security of their own computer.	I feel that the people visiting the store should be informed in some way that they have not actually purchased something, after the experiment ends. Otherwise, the participants may feel a trust has been violated.	Unfortunately, I think this is an experiment that Facebook has already undertaken, although I feel like it's a big violation of the Facebook User's privacy.	Again, I feel like this experiment would make a participant feel very violated in terms of privacy.	No, I feel like this is a deceitful way to conduct an experiment, and that students would feel very violated and worried about the safety of their real data. 	I think the experiment would create undue anxiety on the person participating.
A1X4EBC1LW4YGL	3UNH76FOCS60SW11T0AE78HFABUMYX	WithoutPublication	162	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1X608L4OJFBF4	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P557736JA	NoAdvertising	1143	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	In order for the infection software to be effective, it pretty much has to by nature, be damaging. Damaging files is not okay, as there are many unique files that antivirus will destroy when the user doesn't know what they're dealing with.	I'm not a Facebook user, but seeing as some people use it as a communication service, blocking out things at random is not okay.		There is no need to ever intercept and verify a password for this experiment. When the user tries to log in, the entry forms can just be dummies and the submission of the blank data can be a page explaining to the person what they just did, and ask for their cooperation in not disclosing that the research is happening to others. University security is already shoddy enough, it doesn't need to be mishandled by yet another party.						
A1X63Z51FX276X	3I33IC7ZWF39PAZ53CDEPDLA1DC2AA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	441	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Need to make sure no one is giving out sensitive info.	It's dishonest.	It's still a little scary for people to give out their private info.	Gaining access to peoples passwords would be a bad idea.	I don't see how anyone could get hurt with this one.	It's a good idea to learn about spammers.	This is deceptive and harmful.  I don't see any benefit to learning this information.	I think it's a good idea to learn all that we can about internet safety.	This doesn't seem legit.	This experiment seems safe.
A1X7GPGACHMSY8	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AK53YQ	WithoutPublication	666	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	They have to be careful not to pull any information or damage anything of the participants.	While it does further research, the people must be told about what was done to them at some point. Also it does affect the people they did it too.	They must make sure to give a valid explanation and make it obvious that the people will in fact read it.	They must be careful that the information they use is obtained in a fashion which doesn't breach the trust or privacy of the individual.	Nothing bad happens to the person, and at the end of the study they might even learn something. 	None of their personal information is used and they lose nothing by the end of the experiment. In fact, they may even learn to be more careful.	This affects that person's mood and they would never know about it.	Since an explanation is given to the participants and they signed up for some sort of task, this seems fair.	I feel using the person's friends on facebook is a breach of privacy.	At the end of the study, the person is at a net benefit because they would only have learned something.
A1XA5CGP8KA7VR	3TK8OJTYM1MP9539G5FMHD7GX4BVPB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	307	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no		The participants must completely understand that the researchers have access to their informaiton.					I'd rather that researches didn't rearrange my facebook.			
A1XACRIZ51TBMY	3BC8WZX3V3XISB27KDE1LBISDDTRR7	NoAdvertising	675	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent					It seems ethically dubious. I don't care for the level of deception.		I feel that a tests is being conducted with skewed results.			The security warning doesn't intimidate me. I would care about the compensation.
A1XAOEDK0Y2KBT	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EE832HM	Twitter	1592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	I feel that it compromises the privacy of the subject to a great degree.	I believe that an experiment like this is probably covered by the terms and conditions one agrees to when signing up to the website.	It violates the subjects privacy to a great degree.	i just feel that it's going to have a negative impact on those who participate.	As I stated above, finding effective security warnings is a worthwhile goal.	People would be divulging personal financial information that they might feel required to change after participating in the experiment.	While I'm doubtful that the information is really that important or that those vulnerable to negative tweets really need much protection, I feel there isn't a really potential to harm the participants.	Regardless of whether the subjects are informed that their passwords were not stored, most would feel the need to change any personal passwords given as a result of this experiment.	This seems like more of a violation of privacy, essentially running a phishing scam for real on the promise that the data will be deleted.	I think that the results could be used to find the most effective warning regarding computer security.
A1XAU21HW97BUN	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIB14EIF	UnnamedCompany	698	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	They must be very careful to not let any spam links through.	The researchers should not be altering what the participant wants to see from their friends.	They should always make sure to explain the experiment at the end.	If the passwords collected end up being valid, the researchers may keep them.		This has the possibilty to get out of control if the spammers use advanced methods, however, it seems fine as it is stated.	They may miss out on information that their friends post.	The goal of the experiment seems harmless and passwords can always be changed if the researchers were actually malicious.		This experiment seems good-natured.
A1XBSJEIHE1CHN	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7K07I9K	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	867	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I would be afriad that my information would get out, Even though it would be a great tool for technical.	To understand how social media affect society.	I would still be worried that my password would get out. And I wou7ld be worried that it would be a trick form a hacker aslo and if that information does get out, that could be devastating.	For the overall safty issus with banking and password protection and internet use	I think the more informed we are about this behavior that safer millions of people will be with there private information.	This is an expierement that can only help people, and help using the internet become a safer place.	I find a scientific experiment like this is interesting and can teach us a lot about the way that we act. Furthermore since things like facebook is relatively new, we still have things yet to find out about it and how it affects society	I believe a scientific expirement in this way will be very beneficial to law abiding internet users. Hackers stealing passwords is a serious problem, and has ruined lifes, and complicated homes. Any way we can help that situation not happen is good.	Especially with the use of the internet for personal banking among university students, this is an experiment that would keep them safer.	I think its a great experiment to teach the average user what they should and shouldn't do on the interenet
A1XD70FK0LGCYZ	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XX1I1TM	Control	331	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A1XEPIR3OE9811	3WYP994K17SY3TG96K3XICKTKI2Y60	WithoutPublication	1034	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	This seems illegal.  I know spammers are annoying and can cause lots of fraudulent activity, even for the sake of an experiment, creating fraudulent spammer accounts of the spammers is wrong.	See above.	Participants could become very apprehensive when it is revealed to them the nature of the study and that they were being hacked during it.  Although no passwords were saved, some participants may have been using normal personal information and may feel threatened.	See above.		This seems illegal.	I'm not sure I understand the concept here.  If the candidate knows the researchers are controlling the account, then they could react differently anyway.  If they are unaware, then you are changing things in someone's Facebook account illegally.	This would actually be very helpful for someone I cared for in not only them participating and providing data, but would likely teach them a lesson about password security and possibly lead them to better habits.	Too much private information violations, getting friends from Facebook, using the University's systems for passwords, blogging, all seem a bit to public.	Seems relatively harmless, if someone I cared about wanted to participate, I'd have no issue with it.
A1XGJP35KM4H68	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ4Y6FMR	UnnamedCompany	2504	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Letting any infection on a PC happen is rather sketchy. As long as it can be safely removed I don't see a problem. 	As before I see no problem and it could be a interesting read of the results 	This is a tough one, even though they won't steal the passwords I am not entirely sure if it should be trusted. 	If others are willing I don't see a problem as long as all private info is deleted. 	I see no real harm 	This seems like a rather harmless experiment. I don't see a whole lot of risk. 	Seems like a interesting experiment. I would be curious of the results	Even though this seems to be for a good cause I would be highly skeptical of it.	While still a experiment it seems very invasive and I wouldn't want someone I Know to be part of it. 	Seems like a great study that could help people that are not as knowledgeable about warnings. 
A1XH0TJ973CX8N	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4ENKHT1	InsertPosts	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	If the experiment works, maybe it will explain why people fall for spam emails		More data about hacking techniques is always good to prevent future hacking as long as the information gained in the study is not misused.		In this day and age, security is essential and any study that gauges the effect of warnings is very useful.	Scientists should instead be focusing their research on how to combat spam rather than understanding its economic infrastructure	The experiment seems manipulative and the purpose seems very superfluous 	This study could useful in anticipating hacker tricks	This study also seems manipulative and would likely make the subjects more distrustful and not at ease.	This experiment's study of risk could be useful in developing better security warnings
A1XJ4YD85FMUZU	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X17UHL	Control	492	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A1XJ9VFOJ4LP2X	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYDYYBU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	759	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It depends whether the participants are debriefed and given the opportunity to have their date removed from the study.	I don't see any real risks involved with this, but people are not agreeing to have their information manipulated.	There is not informed consent, so this study should not proceed.	No informed consent and faking information from a friend; this is unprofessional.	People give their consent to participate in a study. While I think it is OK to use deception in this study, the experimenter needs to handle this in a professional manner and ensure that participants are accurately debriefed. Additionally, they should ask if participants are still OK with their results being used (now that they know the true nature of the study).	I don't see how this could impact someone (neither positively nor negatively), so it wouldn't matter to me.	I don't see how this would have a big impact on a person, so it wouldn't matter to me either way.	I know a lot of people who could easily fall for the tricks and I think they could use some help.	This is wrong in my opinion. People cannot consent to participate and I feel that their privacy is being violated.	I think this could be beneficial for people I know who are not concerned with internet security.
A1XJTXLCDB9EXW	36WLNQG78ZB630GD2A8BMPE5G0YBEV	WithoutPublication	364	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										its not causing them any undue long term stress, especially if it's explicitly clear after that their computer was not in any danger
A1XJXLKWU4H9UY	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4FWPW80	InsertPosts	900	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	It has too many possibilities to fail and people aren't being adequately informed. And to use spammer code is risky. How do they know it won't infect others? What will be done with the credit card info - will it be collected? There are too many loose ends / unethical factors. 	Just as long as people are aware that it's going on - it should be voluntary	Just as long as they explain thoroughly what they did and why, and maybe also provide information about password security for all participants.	They need to amend their methodology to be less invasive. This would be an extremely collaborated attempt (with the university, researchers, and FB) and it would be shocking and troubling for me to found out they did something like this in that particular manner. I'd imagine many people wanting to exclude their data, which would make the study useless.	As long as the briefing is thorough and the warning isn't too scary/threatening	If their is no debriefing afterwards, they should not do it.	It doesn't really matter. If that's what they want then that's fine.	This is important work and it can be a lesson to be more cautious in the future	But with a great deal of hesitancy - there is no need to collect to password to know that something was entered. Also, it seems invasive to use their FB friends list to do so. But I think it's an important test.	It seems innocent enough
A1XL9RMFRUUPED	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IM456KR	WithoutPublication	594	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		it says optional					it says optional			
A1XLGIFFGB01EU	3IKZ72A5B4H0AN560BXQV2ZZ9QSFN7	UnnamedCompany	585	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	It's on the cusp of immorality and morality.	Because it can actually hurt people's emotions if someone is having a bad day.	I don't see any harm in it.	It could be under the mask of research, but it could steal your password.	It's not hurting anyone or affecting the computer so its fine.	IT's much safer if they get caught by an experiment than an actual website.	It seems really mean to hear bad or good thoughts. I don't want someone I know to wake up to a lot of sad messages.	I would not include because my friends wouldn't do surveys like these.	I have no idea who is dumb or smart. I don't want to make it seem like i'm implying they're an idiot.	The person is less likely to do any survey for fun.
A1XNR88GBHA038	33CKWXB73JL66149OPK79TI25PA11A	InsertPosts	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	This seems like you're just out criminaling the criminal			Without proper checks, the researchers could easily turn to a life of crime				I would want my people to be trained in protection	I would want to know if they were stupid	This seems benign and useful, without exposing the people I know
A1XNXH5WGDXES5	3OONKJ5DKCKSFRT2WOB7R18JK1POBV	WithoutPublication	1757	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A1XRIEYLA7ZJ3B	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5KCUE0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1077	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no		Facebook posts, no problem!	I don't like any messing with Mturk.	Anything for a good cause			Facebook posts, no problem!	No hacking on Mturk, please! Whether true hacking or for scientific research.	I and my family or friends would like to extend any help in a scientific experiment	
A1XUZFDVKP95VC	31Q0U3WYDPGKHNJBD51GA39F8YH17O	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	672	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	it will show that spam emails do sway your buying preferences towards buying things from suspicious sites	i have no real feeling about this either way	depending on who it is, there might be too much information given out by the participants	yes, it is something that needs to be looked into to see how many people would submit data to an unsecured link like this to make ways to secure data for everyone	the data needed for these experiments outweighs the negative risks	most friends i know would not even open the email let alone try to buy something	most of my facebook friends posts are usually just relinks to articles we read	i would be interested if this would actually work since a good majority of my friends are hardcore computer people and i dont think they would fall for this	honestly most of the people i know would spot the issue right away and not submit the information	i dont think it would really bother me one way or another
A1XV3ZKKQPCRWB	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ4AGFMP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Seems pretty foolproofed 					Sounds benign and shouldn't be harmful				
A1XVZCQ983ETMR	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54WBR08	NoAdvertising	464	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes					It's ethical.	I would rather not but the data that could be obtained from such an experiment could be useful.			Seems safe enough.	It isn't harmful.
A1Y3XFCNIMUCI5	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9ADUZT2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2517	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	I'm not entirely sure how or why participants would be encouraged to make purchases from a specific online store meant to mimic the spammer's store.  People generally make purchases on their personal computer, not a work or lab computer.	It seems a little too manipulative and intrusive on participant's personal lives.	As long as it can be guaranteed that passwords cannot be maliciously recorded by a third party during the experiment, then it seems fine to conduct.	I don't see a point in the abstract where participants agree to participate in research before they are actually involved.	I don't see any real risk to potential participants, and the study does propose a plan to study a concrete security feature.		There's no way to protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about to feel the fear that their password may have been compromised, either during the study or in the recent past.	The study looks to pry to closely into participant's personal lives by looking through their friends on facebook.	Though deceptive at first, the study seems fine.
A1Y4IWFIVK6Z8W	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO1259MR	NoAdvertising	444	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There should be consent forms of some kind.	It seems pretty obvious from other experiments that being around happy things would make a person more likely to feel happy.	As long as the data won't be used in a harmful manner.	There should be a consent form that explicitly states what will happen.	There should be consent forms.	If it's for an experiment, I would think it's okay.	Facebook is manipulating peoples' mental state without consent.	It is for making better security.	If it's for an experiment to better protect people, I believe participation would help.	If it's for the sake of an experiment, it should be okay.
A1Y5HYDZV2V3ZJ	33ISQZVXPPNAG7O5KJYB7LKKDF8CC9	InsertPosts	1318	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	The experiment should be allowed to help educate individuals in regards to spammers. 	The experiment should be allowed to see if positive or negative post have any effects on Facebook users.	This experiment would help to education individuals who are not aware of hacker threats.	The researchers should be allowed to proceed with this experiment to educate individuals to be aware of phishing scams.	The experiment should be allowed to see what is the best way to present security warnings to individuals. 			I would want my cared one to be aware of hackers.	I would want my cared one to participate in this experiment so that they could understand the importance of phishing and how to avoid phishing scams.	
A1YA6UHCA0KB71	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGOQ3ZI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	438	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		It's a violation of privacy	It's not morally right	No one wants to receive spam			I'm not interested in this kind of tracking. 	No one wants to have their passwords stolen.	No one wants to receive spam	
A1YBX7P5PY8LL	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXE73J3	InsertPosts	460	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes									Because people would find out the password to an account.	It is important for researchers to have a diverse amount of participants to improve computer security warnings.
A1YC5PYU7ONKXM	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV35WIHB	NoAdvertising	522	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	i have mixed feelings, could be a bad precedent	Facebook is a social media outlet, they agreed to put themselves out there in the public eye, therefore it is fair game.	can't learn to stop them till you know how to protect 	see above	Yes, it allows them to create safer/better products			all for science and increased knowledge	awareness is a good thing	Yes, I can not think of any other way to test their security designs.
A1YDM3857C5RQC	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87S7MAJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	707	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes		i think that it could be dangerous what if you start blocking people out and then this person gets sad from not seeing there friends post	i think its a good way of showing people how unsecure the internet can be	be a good way to teach students about how to be secure on the internet			i enjoy readining about family and friends days or see how there lives are going			
A1YGL08G8G3MEJ	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48P3U2V	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	422	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I think it could have benefits to the researchers but I can see the data being misused.	I think it could help make things safer for all			I can't see that it would hurt them.	I don't see anything wrong with it.	It seems pretty safe for them		I don't see anything wrong with it
A1YGVY9HCBP7M	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGQ4BDD	Twitter	722	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Figuring out how spammer work can be a great way to develop software to eliminate spam all together.	This could be a great experiment to view how social media can affect an individual.							If someones password were stolen the attacker could ultimately affect someones information in a bad way.  They could access the students student loan information and add the funds to the attacker bank account.	
A1YI9SG0BO1D8B	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBVSL69	UnnamedCompany	582	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Not with my PC.		Not with my password.			The P in PC means Personal.		Never give out your password.	Never risk your passwords.	
A1YJKLVJW1FE33	39JEC7537U26FGU5B0TGXD89YEUCVY	UnnamedCompany	259	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A1YMRO92XW2FYW	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALQBC5A	NoAdvertising	443	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		Thats messing with things they are posting. 2nd same as above, my mood does not ususally reflect in Facebook. I can be in a crappy mood but wouldn't know it by my FB posts. 	could open people up to more risk		Be aware that most people will either completly stop b/c of warning or ignore the warnings anyways	risk for spamming is still there	Cause we don't always let our moods flow over into Facebook. 	too risky		could be beneficial but not sure since most people ignore the warnings anyways
A1YNH3KJS5NHL1	3B837J3LDOXUTQ2KZ2E6BLNOZCRRS4	Twitter	325	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			You could teach people how to steal passwords.					It is not dangerous to them in any way.		
A1YOVSN7U5E0CV	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AOOFR4	WithoutPublication	853	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	I think it is an interesting proposal to see how many people actually make purchases from spam email.	I think people should be made aware that they are dealing with an experiment involving facebook.	I believe researchers should be allowed to help learn how to stop hackers.	I think it would be interesting to see how many students enter passwords into phishing websites.	I think they should be allowed to continue because there are always security risks when you use your computer.	I would want to the person to be included because I know they would be unbiased.	I think facebook should be off limits due to privacy issues.	I think I would allow someone I cared about to be part of this study because it would stop hackers from collecting passwords from the internet.	I would not want someone I cared for be part of phishing experiment due to privacy and password protection.	I would one some one I cared about to take part in this study because computer security is such a large issue.
A1YPKT2UPUQ464	384PI804XS26TWIL5PVRRPM1QL00SL	WithoutImprovingProduct	1152	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too many variables that could go wrong	Because now they are tracking not only users posts but users feelings and emotions and that's creepy	Sounds like a good research study and they're not collecting passwords	Yes, but I'd revisit the need for password collection.	Sounds like its set up like any other study and with very little risk to the participant.	Sounds a little shady and dangerous to computers	Because they didn't agree to be part of the study themselves, because Facebook is rather evil in their intentions and can't be trusted, because they're manipulating posts, because it's not really important for FB to understand positive and negative emotions of their users	This sounds legitimate and important to understand	Because its an important issue for everyone and if my friend clicks on such a link, they will later be notified and it will be harmless.  However, it is a little weird that researchers collect passwords.  I don't really see a need for that.	The reason for the research is sound and important to the public.  It has very little risk to the participant.  
A1YQJGPW6E59Z8	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBY1390J	WithoutPublication	794	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no										
A1YUM8PPYM4JXZ	3ND9UOO81K3CX9OGENRBMYHAZYQLWH	InsertPosts	351	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent		ensure no psychological harm to participants		To ensure participant anonymity 	To ensure no psychological harm to participants or unneeded costs associated with participants fixing their computers because they did not read the debriefing form/dont know it is a research study				To help the overall cause	
A1YURG2FMHHV7I	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28MUFG3	WithoutPublication	874	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The benefits are potentially significant and the personal information involved is minimal.  The recipients are being deceived about the spam and are not informed and that is troubling. It is not clear that there is any way to resolve that issue, however, or whether it would indeed affect users.	Facebook did not ask its users permission to participate, and did not disclose that it might hide some posts.	In addition to the precautions listed, they should ask participants if they are willing for their data to be used in the study after full disclosure is made.  If not, the data should be erased.	Unlike the last experiment the students were unaware and had not consented to participate in any experiment whatsoever.  It could be that through a class or other setting they were given the opportunity to sign up for something without knowing the connection.	Again, participants should have the option to withdraw their data.  They will run a risk that many participants will simply exit the HIT after receiving the warning.  Since that decision would prove something much to the purpose of the study and since they planned to put participants in that situation, it would be only ethical to arrange to reimburse those participants even if the HIT were not submitted.		When people signed up for Facebook, they assume that they will be able to see their friends' posts.  People go on to connect with others, including friends who might be struggling, not to participate in social research.			
A1YV7AK40RQF5D	3J88R45B2GZHDU84GKG45Y41DBSXPH	Control	598	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	There is not really any informed consent.	No consent should mean no experiment. I don't care what Facebook's terms of use say.	The terms seem fair as long as there is some kind of informed consent.	Deception in studies can be tricky.	Needs informed consent of some kind. An option to drop out of the study.	It does not really sound like informed consent.	Facebook just actually did this to people. There was no informed consent.	The terms seem fair as long as there is some kind of informed consent.	It sounds like there is more consent than the last study.	I've done one like this.
A1YZV7UNBHZUE4	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7K0E9II	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	738	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Recording people's internet activity is tricky ethically but it's for a good cause here so...	For the same reasons explained above.	It seems quite harmless and has low risk for negative outcomes	It's not explained whether researchers will have access to the actual password and login for students or if they will just know if they students performed the act, so I am unsure.	I think that this is a pretty standard experiment with no real risks.	It's harmless.I assume most people I know wouldn't buy anything from a spam email and so their participation is for the better good.	This is unethical use of user data. It has no real purpose other than selling data for marketing. It's not for security purposes. It's without consent of users and many (or all?) were not told that they were taking part it in nor were they debriefed.	Since nothing is actually stored in the end, it's a victimless experiment.	There's definite communication with test subjects, which is good, especially allowing them to exclude their data.	Like the password experiment, I think it's a harmless deception
A1Z1O6MMOB3UWW	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5LAUVD	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	734	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	The researchers need to be certain that the altered links do in fact work so that people aren't scammed for real.		The study could be helpful about teaching others how to avoid hackers.	To much invasion of privacy (looking at facebook and impersonating a friend- getting personal password) is involved.	It is important to gather data in order to adjust security system warnings in the future.		The study seems harmless but perhaps a little unnecessary. 	I am confident that the information gather is for the study and won't be released.	Even for a study, I wouldn't want their password to be known by anyone. 	They would not be in any real risk and can learn how to deal with security risks.
A1Z1ZOA1LWAR8P	3ZSY5X72NXCFVYARSLXXRGDN2QZROO	InsertPosts	1224	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes		I don't think its right to mess with people you care for. It sounds more like a study to find people more prone to getting agitated( because they care) and label them with a disorder.  		Research like this can be good but not with the confirming of passwords.	This test has no personal info being drawn from computer and this can help people avoid a bad website.			I think this would be good to test but I can not tell my friend yes or no.		
A1Z5R8AKWLO2RG	3R3YRB5GRF4I9M87MWNKVWG2K8PAU2	WithoutPublication	481	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	With the right people in a properly controlled setting this could work.	In order to make this study work, the participants can't find out it's happening, and therefore they cannot give their consent. 	It seems like it would be fine but could raise suspicion about the true intentions of the researchers. 	Maybe they can find a cross section of people who could be both unwitting and also not really too worried about being subjects here. 	It seems to cause no harm.	This seems like it's a little more invasive than the first test.	Intentionally setting someone up to experience negative emotions is unethical. Deliberately causing pain to someone is torture.	If it's actually harmless I don't mind.	This is too intrusive. 	Just seems like the researchers are trying to gauge the subjects' reactions to a common warning. 
A1Z64L5Y143167	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8T7IBD	NoAdvertising	413	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			I don't see anything ethically wrong with it.					I don't think they would be hurt by it in any way.		
A1Z748HOKCNJ8X	34Q075JO1XE6ZCJRS6G7VOZS0ME10V	WithoutPublication	944	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think there is too much danger as I indicated above	I don't like anything where someone hacks into someone else's personal information and changes things	I would need more information about the specifics of the HIT and how they would get people to give up their passwords	there is a danger of identify theft	the only issue I have is stated above - since there is no security risk the only risk is the well-being of the subject	I would not want someone I know to give out their credit card to someone who is not a valid store - my friend would not receive the merchandise he ordered and would not know why and his credit card informaiton would be out there and could conceivably be compromised	this is unfair to the people involved - it gives them the wrong impression of their friend	this is difficult to imagine how the researchers would get people to give up their personal passwords in a HIT situation - we know that a HIT would not be a place to give out that information	this is scary in that it enables a third party to access the participants personal information and could cause identify theft if someone untrustworthy got ahold of the information	this would unduly scare people and possibly cause them to invest money to ensure that their computer is safe - I expect not everyone reads all of the stuff that is posted when the survey is completed.
A1Z7QTDFX7ZM2O	3OONKJ5DKCKSFRT2WOB7R18JK56OBK	NoAdvertising	612	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I think that it would be interesting to see the results of this experiment but I think the researchers should be careful how they initiate this. 	I don't think that changed someone status would hurt in anyway. 	I think this study will reveal important information. 	I think this study will reveal important information. I do think the researchers have to be careful on how this is approached.	I think this study will reveal important information. 	I think that it would be interesting to see the results of this experiment. 	I think that it would be interesting to see the results of this experiment. 	I think this study will reveal important information. 	I think this study will reveal important information. 	I think this study will reveal important information. 
A1Z8EJOEEHKUR6	3X0H8UUIT1PZ1MJ6YWOCYKV5RV8WSM	NoAdvertising	3476	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	i believe the researcher should be allowed to proceed with the experiment, this experiment would give a good result on the issue. and concept is also good to find out the proposed result	as this done in a real time scenario, so it can be allowed and also the result would be accurate , participants would not be aware and also the result would be proper	they should not be allowed to proceed with this concept, if they want to conduct this experiment to get the actual result than they should do this in a real time and real world scenario. if this done in real world than only actual result would come out	by doing this student would be panic and even there is good result in this type of experiment in a university website	this type of experiment can be conducted in HITs as it would allow the participant to react according to the situation and result would be proper	as per the whole concept of the experiment, it would be better is this experiment is conducted, and i would not stop my cared on to participate in this experiment. instead i would help in this, i think the concept is good 	this experiment can be allowed, as this is a on-line experiment and would give a proper result, i would allow my cared one to be  part of this experiment	doing such experiment is useless because the actual result would not come, and so only i would suggest anyone should be allowed to participate in this experiment	according to me this experiment would not work out, as this type of malpractice happens basically with bank account website and not in university website, so to get a proper feedback and result on this issue, it would be better to find a different option to get the result	as this is regarding security risk and it can be conducted in this manner,i would allow people to participate in this
A1Z8TPZXMCHVQ	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZMUW3T	WithoutPublication	389	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		Alteration of personal information should be denied	This is a severe violation of privacy and could be exploited	Another major privacy violation						
A1ZB2NY0F9QNP0	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NGMHF7	WithoutImprovingProduct	463	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It seems to have a lot of risky factors.		Many mTurkers are familiar with such techniques, and would return the HIT if it's not done very, very well.				Some of my friends struggle with depression and I wouldn't want to run the risk of exposing them to that much additional negativity.			
A1ZBP0B1FAZAH1	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZH1NPKS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	560	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	no				I don't like it. It's getting too much info from unwilling participants		because if they were the target of span i would rather it be a good group than a bad one			This is basically an attack...gets a lot of personal info	
A1ZCHJF8TZ6KCY	3CP1TO84PT2CJ4NO8GMXH25O98852M	Twitter	224	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A1ZIFC5AFQCDZT	3ZDAD0O1T1EF5M1BX1POA85Y2BATX9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	3187	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	There could be security gaps in the whole setup.	They'd do it anyway. 	It's going to far, stealing passwords should never be part of an experiment.	They are going too far. How do we know that it's really safe?	Doesn't sound as risky as the other experiments.	There could be security gaps in the whole setup.	It's been done, it's all over the news the past days. I couldn't care less. There are bigger privacy issues than this.	It's going to far, stealing passwords should never be part of an experiment.	They are going too far. How do we know that it's really safe?	Doesn't sound as risky as the other experiments.
A1ZK0XP8BR9LDM	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0Q3PCHM	WithoutPublication	265	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A1ZKNWZ0APK0JX	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSUALV3	WithoutImprovingProduct	12244	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes		because it has access in to people's personal account and their privacy.		because it has access to people's personal information and that might cause problems.	because it may go too far and somebody will feel offended.		i think everyone would react differently.		i think it's a good experiment for research, so i don't mind.	I think it will be a interesting experiment and learn about them too.
A1ZKSWTLPMDWRO	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALTV5CT	Control	1100	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Only if they have a disclamer at the end of each person's trying to purchase something, that this was a research study, and the item was not actually purchased and no credit card information was attained.	I would make sure that there was still some good news in the feed but with a heavy does of bad news, and vice versa.	As long as they aren't actually hacking into someone's computer.	I think it's an invasion of privacy to compare passwords to the universities systems. They need to elimate at the minimum, this part of the study.	There is no risk to any persons, either physically or security, so it should be OK to proceed with the experiment.	I don't see any harm, but I'm concerned that a person making a purchase, thinks they will be getting a product that it turns out they won't be. Before saying 'yes" I would wnat to know that the people being spammed would be told at the end that this was just a research study.	I don't see any harm in doing this for research, as long as the facebook user still has access to all the news feeds.	I'm curious about how they are going to deceive the users - are they going to hack into their computers, or just have a webpage that looks appealing and study people who randomly are brousing their site.	I think comparing the passwords to the university's systems passwords is an invasion of privacy. They need to come up with another way to check this.	There would be no risk to the participant, so if my loved one wanted to participate is would be OK with me.
A1ZN5STZXRDUH3	3IAS3U3I0FHE8K4X9QDAKO5GJVQ2BY	WithoutPublication	453	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Researchers could have access to personal financial details, this must be protected.	Censoring messages from friends could have consequences.					As long as the participants are told they will be included in the experiment and may not see some posts.	Seems like a great idea.	this would harm nobody	A great idea
A1ZNK3NT3TI3OO	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4EMMTHD	UnnamedCompany	544	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A1ZR0VFQIADLF4	3KIBXJ1WD5VT8UXW21O0Q4R97YBKOU	InsertPosts	436	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			Depending on what password they're thinking is being stolen, they might feel compelled to change things unnecessarily.		I'd be worried that someone might panic and do something unnecessary/harmful to react to a non-existent threat.		If they're not identified, it doesn't affect them.			
A1ZR96OLAB0AZ5	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6QM73T	WithoutImprovingProduct	830	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I think this is digging on a too-personal level. Excluding someones 'negative' posts is really wrong. This person might be reaching out to his/her friends and the very thing they may need, is someone to talk to. This experiment is too risky, I think.	Just make sure that participants 100% trust that no passwords were saved in any way.	You don't want to lose a students trust with the University, and you don't want the University reputation to go down.	Like I stated above, the experiment for the most part is harmless. But if one is not used to see warnings like this, it may cause stress.		I think this is digging on a too-personal level. Excluding someones 'negative' posts is really wrong. This person might be reaching out to his/her friends and the very thing they may need, is someone to talk to. This experiment is too risky, I think.	This experiment seems harmless. I think the researchers just have to have some solid evidence that not one password was saved. Maybe come up with some way where the participants will have to come up with a completely new password. This can be done by implementing various password "rules" that most likely, participants have never dealt with before.	The experiment seems harmless. 	I think the experiment is harmless. I have noticed that if I'm on my PC, I get "security" type warnings all the time. But if I'm on my Mac, I hardly ever get a security warning. I guess the only way it could be a little harmful, is if you're not used to getting any warnings at all. One might think something bad has actually happened, and it can cause them a great deal of stress.
A1ZRSK6W6K1E63	3TVSS0C0E110GMWLNWT28PRRTACWTT	InsertPosts	1042	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	They should be very careful to contain the spam that infects the computer.	I think this is pushing the limits of privacy a little too far.	Researchers should be careful to make sure data is kept anonymous and only necessary data is recorded.	I don't think it is right to check for the validity of the passwords. I think they should make it so that the passwords aren't actually recorded.		It doesn't seem there are any consequences to being a participant. 	I wouldn't feel comfortable if I were a participant myself.	The researches set good limits for the experiment.		
A1ZSL5ZLN9DLAK	3KYQYYSHYV8LUORMAK2DMRWJNNYDOQ	Twitter	471	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes						it's a terrible idea	Play with mind it is dangerous and unethically. 			
A1ZVJG3BKYHJWN	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5Q86OT2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	880	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I am sick of spam and anything to stop it has my support	I'm not sure if this will be beneficial or a waste of the researchers' time	the more we know about how hackers work, the better we can protect ourselves from becoming a victim	to be certain they are not setting the stage for impersonators to more easily phish the participants	anything that can lead to improved security is worthwhile	Spamming needs to be totally exposed and hopefully stopped	I personally do not like negative posts, but imagine they do affect some people negatively	most people want security improved and this could help	it should be up to the person involved	as long as the participants are adults I have no reservations about the experiment
A1ZWUIPWKVUVTD	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR94H0KO	UnnamedCompany	786	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes		with permissions from users					This has recently happened with FaceBook, if people had signed up to be part of an experiment then ok, but the fact is it was government driven, this is as bad as subliminal advertising from the 60's	Because I don't feel that person, would use fictitious passwords and would be to close to actual passwords utilized.	In order to learn about the dangers of Phishing	
A1ZXTQ1P9KTEFH	3C5W7UE9CFRBSRBRO4OCOUA686GXMK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	576	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							It would depend whether or not they wanted to participate.			
A200BYWWDFMH5Q	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D134L3F	Control	307	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A203JRE07ASA1V	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XFB45LM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	653	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A207CD3A4APT1O	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ0E5KC	UnnamedCompany	578	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes										
A207IHY6GERCFO	3OSWBBLG1EY8OX5EBBP954NCZPGXDO	UnnamedCompany	724	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Seems morally acceptable	If people agreed to it.	How do you replicate the techniques without actually stealing	It's phishing	Don't actually commit a crime	Buy what you want	It's their choice.	How do you replicate the techniques without actually stealing	It's phishing	It's just a BS warning
A207O698ADORUH	33JKGHPFYCV6GXXNMY13QSJ86URMNE	WithoutImprovingProduct	229	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes			steal peoples passwords no way					not really they would get their passwords stolen		
A208PXUFJNMU6M	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0PITPS	InsertPosts	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A20ASMCESA51U4	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHLJFUV	WithoutImprovingProduct	609	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	there are security issues with this study	it seems safe	they should be careful with the possible passwords	the passwords could be misused	they should make it very clear there is no risk	it is too dangerous	it seems harmless	because they will not learn from the study	because they are collecting true passwords	they may be adversely affected by thinking there is a security problem
A20F493OZMHIWB	3QJOXOW4XJS2MRKATZYK05PZS46EM1	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	250	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A20H0JHSC0K14P	3PJUZCGDJ6H666RPRN8F39NTH2089W	WithoutPublication	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Again, it seems really unethical to let people follow a link and try to buy something when they really can't.	I would like to see results of an experiment like this.	It is more ethical than the last experiment.	Again, not very ethical, but would be valuable.	This could have very informative results.	It seems unethical to do this.	This seems like an interesting study.	This experiment seems like it would work well.	It just does not seem like an ethical experiment.	This seems like a good idea.
A20HUT0M3Z4MLN	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYYZ4H8	InsertPosts	491	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		Possible triggers for participants 								
A20IA63WXHF683	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNJGS2T	WithoutImprovingProduct	1494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	no	I don't have enough information to know if it's ethical, in my opinion. Would the subjects be informed? My greatest concern is the lack of informing the consumer---such as not informing them that the store has been disabled or their purchase recorded.	I don't think the benefits of this research outweigh (or even equal) the cons. First, I didn't read if the subjects are informed of this study after the data is gathered during their Facebook session. Second, some people spend a lot of time on Facebook and their emotional happiness is improved by learning about their friends activities, positive thoughts and feelings, etc. I think it is unethical to alter something so personal as a Facebook experience. If it's hypothesized that a person will almost be put in a negative mood by the content they read, the researchers are not being ethical in deliberately trying to upset someone just to collect research data. The potential benefits of this are not great enough to warrant this study. Emotionally manipulating people is not ethical research.	I don't like the wording:  deceive participants. I feel like there's a better way to phrase this. Also, as opposed to the previous proposed study, this one states that the subjects will be informed of the research afterwards. I feel like this is more ethical. The findings from this could benefit society. This study sounds like it could actually help prevent crimes from occurring, and it isn't just about marketing practices (as the previous study). 	It is not acceptable, in my opinion, for a university to get involved in a research like this by allowing the research team access to the knowledge of internet passwords. I think there could be some potential lawsuits against the college for participating in this. Also, the students will have to go through the time and energy to change their internet passwords, since now another party has been made aware of that information. This is unfairly involving students in something they have no choice but to exclude themselves form the beginning. They are not given the option before entering their passwords to participate or not. I think that is very unethical.	I need more information before I would support this study. I am not sure what a "security warning" refers to...someone potentially entering financial info or passwords online that could be compromised by a hacker or party with foul intentions? I do think that revealing the nature of the study to participants following the study is an ethical thing to do. 	Because it sounds a little misleading. I understand the potential value from the data collected during this research (and that it could affect policies in the interest of the consumer), but to manipulate someone's computer usage without their consent doesn't sound quite ethical. Would this be done on a library or public-access computer, I'm guessing?	Facebook is used by choice and it is a very personal thing. I don't think it would be ethical for researchers to manipulate someone's Facebook without their knowledge and consent. It actually sounds quite mean. Some people place a lot of value on their Facebook experience and it seems like this study would be messing with people's emotions. 	This experiment sounds like it could actually lead to an important finding that could benefit people. The security breeches associated with hacked passwords is a real threat and if researchers can ethically conduct research to find a way to minimize this threat, I think it would be okay if someone I cared about was a participant in this research.	I do not feel that allowing a research team to have access to private information such as internet passwords is ethical. The way the study is set up sounds like they're trying to do things in a way that would protect the students' privacy, but I still don't agree with it. 	I do not understand completely what the statement refers to when they say "security warnings". Is this something related to potential breeches in privacy (such as credit card transactions online that might be compromised?) I do not have enough information to feel I would be comfortable with someone I cared about participating in this study. I am not quite sure what the point of this study is, and while it doesn't sound harmful or deceitful like the previous study, I don't have enough information to support it.
A20KPSS5V2KNLT	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0L3I8R	WithoutPublication	320	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	This is an absurd idea.	Facebook doesn't have the right to conduct experiments on us without consent.	This is more risky than the 1st experiment.		Researchers need to make sure that they are protected from potential risk.					
A20KZA2789S6J2	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDENEUL0	WithoutPublication	846	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	I am not sure what the rules are regarding this type of research.  If there is no risk to the participant, it is possible if the participant knowingly agrees to this type of experiment.	I think it would be okay for researchers to continue with the experiment, as so long as participants were aware of all the facts and gave their consent.	As long as no passwords are store anywhere, and all information revealed to participants, I do not think this is an outright violation of a person's rights.	I think this experiment violates personal privacy and should not be allowed.	I do not think researchers should deceive participants in order to participate.	I think participants in a study should know they are participating in a study and what is happening.	I would not want someone I know to participate in this experiment.  I do not feel like a person's personal messages should be excluded to prove a point in an experiment.  By randomly excluding posts from friends, the participant is missing personal correspondence from their facebook account.	I would have no preference on this.  I understand the need for this type of research, and it does not seem to contain any risk.	I would not someone I cared about to participate because although this is a test,  think they could fall victim to other phishing scams.  Also, I do not like the idea of personal sites such as website because used without consent of all participants.	I do not think anyone should participate in this study because it is stated above that researchers plan to deceive participants.  I do not think any participant should be deceived, or unwittingly become part of an experiment without their consent.
A20LXZW9N469UT	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I61QQO9	WithoutPublication	650	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	It is fine as long as nobody's info is compromised. I'd be interested in knowing the results. Spammers send so much stuff out constantly, I do wonder how many people they are actually fooling.			Some people might feel overly deceived here, so caution should be taken.	It seems harmless enough and might help to make security more effective on computers.	I don't like spam and I wouldn't want anyone I know to receive it. It is annoying.	I don't see how this could do a lot of harm to anyone, unless the were depressed.	I don't see how this is harmful as long as no passwords are actually stolen.		
A20M6OQPEYYIK	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPY5F037	WithoutPublication	677	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			It's best to us much caution when deceiving someone like this study would require					I wouldn't want someone I care about being deceived and having to go through the stress		
A20O1LV00QGH1C	33FBRBDW6O0844YS37I65ZO1NOOC84	NoAdvertising	660	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	It involves deception.				WIthout any emotional trauma.		It is an invasion of free will.		Invasion of privacy via social networking sites.	
A20OTZZJFS1032	3TPWUS5F892JU5UA1AYCJFRN5UKWCU	WithoutPublication	507	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This seems a reasonable way to try to evaluate a major problem on the Internet.	This manipulaton of facebook takes advantage of people's personal information and real-world relationships.		This is an unacceptable use of accessing and using people's personal information on Facebook. 		I think it would waste people's time, but that other than that, it really imparts no real harm.				
A20QBFTIO0MOL2	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUB0Z55	NoAdvertising	627	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think something like this could easily get out of hand. The spammers could figure out what is happening and change their programs.	I do not think that this is a good experiment. I don't think an algorithm would be able to properly distinguish happy from unhappy posts.								
A20QZAISR4DREU	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AQZRFV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	470	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Caution should be exercised, but the results could be helpful.	I do not know if this an entirely good idea.	Caution should be used, as always, but this is an effective tool for research.	Caution should be used to prevent accidental negative results.	Care and established security should be used, with regard to privacy.	This data could be effective if the participants are in fact secure (alternative website, no money being exchanged,etc.)	It would be interesting to know the results, but I would be concerned with the privacy of posts being read, even by an aggregator.	This experiment could save millions of users if the data is made public.	This may increase future online security.	I don't see the harm in participating.
A20V093N43Q062	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG496NWQV	WithoutPublication	644	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		They need consent. You could really mess up a persons mind by trying to help people. 	It's not cool to back peoples duff even if it's for a SO CALLED good reason. That's ridiculous. 	It's a tough one. If the university knows I guess it's alright. In pretty iffy on this one. 	Not really messing with people's emotions. 	You can't just do this to people's computers. How can the researchers really be trusted?	It's not ok to experiment with people's emotions like that without consent. There has to be another way or let people volunteer to this and not let them know when the experiment is going on. It would take longer and be more difficult. 	I don't want my computer or my friends computers hacked. 	As long as the university knows. 	I don't see emotional harm for this one. 
A20VQGJ64HG48V	3C5W7UE9CFRBSRBRO4OCOUA6870XM6	WithoutPublication	489	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	The research has significant risk for privacy breech	There is no informed consent and the plan is to induce negative moods in millions of users who may have existing psychological harm	No informed consent. Find another way to study the phenomenon.	There is not informed consent and significant risk for privacy violation			There is not sufficient informed consent	This experiment doesn't give sufficient informed consent	There is not sufficient informed consent	The study uses an acceptable level of deceipt
A20VT4P0VNVKW0	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P557HXJ61	UnnamedCompany	438	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no								It seems harmless enough to me.		
A20X14OMRL0YPZ	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX7GGS5	UnnamedCompany	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Seems risky. some spammers may be able to gain control of the infected computer and any information on it.			I don't understand why anyone would input a password into a link their friend sent them unless it was like a link to facebook or something.					I just honestly wouldn't care one way or the other.	
A20X7KVDQLLD65	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46AM2GPG	NoAdvertising	419	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Monitor and protect data don't let it be leaked					I feel bad if I knew I was responsible for allowing spam to get to them.	This is psychological manipulation, I feel that it is morally wrong	It sounds safe and could be used as an informative teaching tool for those that surrender their passwords.	It seems like it would be safe, and not actual phishing	
A20Z3LCRPJHMCG	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5GMUVF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	599	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2131NUJ7Y8NGZ	3QUO65DNQUP7BQ28WFS2WR079LXOUB	WithoutPublication	1123	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	Again, just be aware of the backlash of ignorant people.		It isn't harming anybody, and brings awareness.	Yes, same reason as above.	Yes, they should just be aware of some of the backlash from participants who thought they were actually at risk.	If someone is silly enough to fall for a "spam email" trick, they should probably be made aware of it.	Facebook is a free service, and it didn't harm anybody at all.	If you're silly enough to type in your REAL passwords on a HIT, you should know how dangerous it is.	It happens everyday, and it would help people be more aware of these emails.	It would be interesting to see which people would commit to this study, but I really have no preference whether they would do it or not.
A214GQX5FAJVUW	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JNWEDV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	606	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A214YMUKB5H88L	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTPY9SA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	673	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes	My above answer explains.		The information might be useful but it is a shady was of going about it.		It is a security warning. People see them all the time on their browsers and the research seems important.	I'm not entirely sure, to be honest. On one hand, it could be useful data but on the other hand, I don't like how users aren't told afterwards. However, if they were already going to a spam link, their information could be used for much worse. I'm really torn on this scenario.	Doesn't sound so bad.	You honestly never know about people these days. Even if they did participate, I'd encourage them to change their passwords afterwards.	With the university involved, it seems to be handeled in a professional manner.	If it's a warning, I don't think it imposes any real risk.
A216CHBAPARGRZ	3Z3ZLGNNSIVQX825W8O5YN57BC6Q3U	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	477	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Researchers should not be given any sort of control of a person's computer. That's ridiculous. 	They must inform the people who are going to participating, and they must give consent to participate. 		The researchers must be cleared by the university before they are allowed to phish. If they are cleared, I think maybe this part is okay because it teaches students the dangers of entering your password in a non-protected environment. 			I don't want Facebook toying with the emotions of my friends. 		My friend's are not smart and would most likely fall for it. 	
A217MC6SC10G4G	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01ZKATN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	448	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	The people wouldn't even know they were participating in a study!	Again signed consent should be used	People should definitely give signed consent.				I don't think this presents any harm	Doesn't seem like it poses a threat.	I think they could achieve the same results without using banking info	
A218S9QMWS15U	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA4TNLF2	WithoutPublication	349	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A219VCQZADQ45W	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKBR5PM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	657	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	against privacy rights	privacy matters	they need to make sure info is secure				it interferes with their privacy			
A21A93NS7IJNZM	3ZPBJO59KP2B275Z677N2IZIBZYHDG	InsertPosts	3864	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A21BWD7YSS4G04	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYPGH52	UnnamedCompany	542	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
A21C1T0HJ4YZ6U	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHMFA68	NoAdvertising	516	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent										
A21D3QFO2ED1RD	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1Z0W1F	Control	928	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	If users were informed that their shopping information was being recorded, I would be okay with this. I am not okay with it because I don't like that they're not told about their choice to make a purchase is being recorded. Some participants might select embarrassing items for purchase. I think there's a way to inform participants of this (such as by telling them that they're conducting a study on shopping) without compromising the results of the study.	This is a huge privacy violation, especially since no user consent is given to be involved in any kind of study. 	If there were iron-clad security precautions in place to ensure passwords wouldn't be kept anywhere, I think it would be okay.	This is way too much of a security violation, and also highly inappropriate for the university to be involved in tricking users. It could make it MUCH more difficult for students to be sure in the future that university e-mails were valid. I don't believe the university should be involved in this in any way. I also don't think the researchers have any business using the university's system to verify that the actual passwords entered were real. That's extremely inappropriate.	I've participated in similar experiments before and they did not result in any harm to me. Most experiments involve some sort of deception so that the researchers don't tip participants off to what they're truly studying, and this seems like a mild deception to me.	If users were informed that their shopping information was being recorded, I would be okay with this. I am not okay with it because I don't like that they're not told about their choice to make a purchase is being recorded. Some participants might select embarrassing items for purchase. I think there's a way to inform participants of this (such as by telling them that they're conducting a study on shopping) without compromising the results of the study.	This is a huge privacy violation, especially since no user consent is given to be involved in any kind of study. 	I am not sure how I feel about this. I know the researchers said they wouldn't actually steal, collect, or store the passwords, but I would have concerns about how participants would actually KNOW for sure that this was the case. I also have concerns about how sure I'd be that the information wasn't actually kept/stored ANYWHERE, even accidentally or in a temporary Internet file. On one hand, I think it could be good for people I know to participate in this study because it would help them be aware of password vulnerabilities, but I'd have to be absolutely sure that the security precautions taken were adequate.	This is way too much of a security violation, and also highly inappropriate for the university to be involved in tricking users. It could make it MUCH more difficult for students to be sure in the future that university e-mails were valid. I don't believe the university should be involved in this in any way. I also don't think the researchers have any business using the university's system to verify that the actual passwords entered were real. That's extremely inappropriate.	I've participated in similar experiments where an element of deception was involved before, and they did not result in any harm to me. Most experiments involve some sort of deception so that the researchers don't tip participants off to what they're truly studying, and this seems like a mild deception to me. I would want someone I cared about to participate because they'd be able to earn money in a way that wouldn't cause them any real harm.
A21DCHQ7M1EWVB	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXJD3JJ	Control	340	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A21DEP908ILPII	3LUY3GC63Z1NYF2DY7C6BZRDBNTP74	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1264	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	I believe the researchers need to be very careful.	Facebook should not be used for interpersonal studies of people.	Only trusted researchers should be involved.	I do not agree with using people's personal facebook information.	Always treat participants with care.	I'm not sure as I wouldn't want the spam to negatively affect someone I cared about.	I think it is wrong to use facebook manipulatively against its users.	The fact that it would be revealed to the participants I wouldn't mind it as much and the participants would learn how to better protect themselves.	I do not agree with using a person's personal facebook information.	It would help researchers to find what warnings are truly effective.
A21GYIDUNZ4BHE	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ4O8YA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	709	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			I believe it is for the good of everyone to learn the tricks hackers use to steal passwords and how to promote better computer safety for the common user.	Phishing is something that needs to be stamped out, therefore I would gladly welcome an experiment such as this.	It would be very important for others to understand what security risk warnings are heeded while others are not.	The people used in this experiment are complete anonymous.  The information they can provide would help in understanding the effectiveness of spam emails and in the end would not hurt the people participating.				
A21J0SCE2R011R	3K4J6M3CXEUZ447C2RY3RHFBBZFAG5	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	626	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes	They need to make sure that no one's computer's are infected.	It's not harmful - so I think they could proceed.	It's unethical to trick people into giving passwords - even for testing situations.	It's unethical.	I don't see any issues with the study.	I don't think it would cause any harm, but I probably would prefer not to participate myself.	It doesn't seem harmful in any way, so I think it would be interesting experiment.	I wouldn't feel comfortable about the fact that their passwords were made available - even if they were not "stored".	I would think that it would compromise their password in other situations - assuming that they may use the same password frequently.	It isn't harmful and doesn't take any personal info.
A21J91SXLYD9ER	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKQLSVV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	574	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		I think they should send an explicit message of consent to people instead of doing this based on some initial permission given when people register with Facebook.	I would make sure that htey aren't actually having people give their passwords. If they do and then they are hacked (even if it's unrelated to this study) they could blame the study.			I'm not sure if I fully understand the study but it seems like we could be helping people whose computers are infected but won't be doing so which seems unfair.	I think this sort of study could produce some interesting data but also worry about my friend's privacy. Overall, I'm on the fence but not leaning heavily one way or another.	There's no risk here.	I think it would be interesting data to have but would worry about people's passwords being compromised.	There seems to be no potential harm/risks here.
A21K5FG4TN1VOO	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5RZUVE	NoAdvertising	713	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		this is cesnorship				As long as they are willing to help research move forward.	this is a form of censorship 		Yes as long as they are willing to help research	Yes if they where willing to help out the research.
A21NYOZEQNHDOO	3YHH42UU5BGJPJNVLGYQF386YVW0LJ	Twitter	727	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	To many variables.									
A21OFNYIQ8H40J	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGV7YAT	WithoutPublication	679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A21P5DVI9TNOVY	3XLBSAQ9Z4DHCJ4JLGA82XTRLNR7Z0	Twitter	8039	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	no	The dilemma of conducting this sort of research is challenging, but it sounds interesting at the same time and the results would be interesting.	This research would be interesting because I read about this idea on a blog where it talked about how people would become increasingly depressed as they grew up because they only saw positive posts on their Facebook feed. Examples of this could be a depressed person seeing someone else have a successful life, whereas they personally have been struggling to find a job and would feel shame to post about their shortcomings on Facebook, resulting in a snowball of positive posts and diminishing negative posts which perpetuates the cycle of sad and envious people. \r\n	It sounds very interesting. 		Old people who use the computer and are not tech savvy may be alarmed by this security warning. 	I would not want someone I cared about to be spammed through their email. 	Reading about someone's post being negative can be a bit depressing on a participant, and would not want that on someone I cared about because they already have enough to worry about. 	As long as the people close to me do not lose their passwords.	My parents aren't fluent in English so I would be glad for them to see how easy it is to be tricked and sent to a malicious website. They occasionally end up on bad websites accidentally and seem to be slightly gullible for the internet.  	My family might be startled by security warnings, especially since they are not very computer savvy.
A21PWQXUIXKVZS	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K30N4E	InsertPosts	842	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Not sure, but maybe they could inform the participants that they may be using an infected, but that would more than likely change the attitude of the  participants. I thinks its important, just not sure how you could perform the experiment with caution. 					I think this type of research is important, and for the right amount of money people would be willing to take part in something like this. 	Facebook is evil. I don't trust them at all.		This seems to invasive.	As long as they're not actually expose I don't see any harm. 
A21QMMJHOSG779	3Y4W8Q93LZLGK80JBWORHJQRJNZDVA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	304	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The more you know about something the better you can use it.		It is just an experiment... you have to find the holes in the security to fix them.			I am not that person and this experiment is not really relevant to me.		They will remain anonymous so it doesn't matter.	
A21R62CIBPAHCG	33FOTY3KEMMQT4E74M9RQP1T9AL1CW	InsertPosts	709	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	as long as it it truly anonymous then i think its OK	We agree to their T.O.S. and really have no choice if we wish to participate.		I feel like the initial deception is too much. The students did not agree to be experimented on.		I would not want the information of what they originally clicked on to be included in the data/	I'd love to know if someone I was considering voting for was swayed by this subtle change in their facebook.	If they opt in to participating then I am fine with their decision.	Someone who has secrets like a politician should not be tricked into giving out a password 	
A21T7YH1PNOXF6	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED62G5EO	InsertPosts	269	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A21U4DFY9OEALY	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE9422PQEG	WithoutImprovingProduct	436	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A21U6G1X4KJRQQ	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFEBG63	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	293	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A21Y22J7Q0KSGN	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED637E5Q	Twitter	11778	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A21Y9KMDOAWD5H	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7GVAL5	InsertPosts	1716	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	The participants are voluntarily involved in the research.	Users are not given a choice to participate.	The method is deceptive and participants are being tricked.	Participants are not being given the option to participate initially.	There is no ill intent involved, only improving how security warnings are presented.	The method seems very deceptive. Users aren't aware of the real situation and can't make an informed decision.	Users are being used involuntarily as guinea pigs.	Participants are being deceived into divulging their passwords.	The method seems deceptive. Students are not participating voluntarily.	They can always opt out in response to the security warning. They have a choice.
A21Z8Q88G7MVX8	3DZQRBDBSLG2AOHIOCDATNK8TZP3SS	NoAdvertising	219	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A21ZCXNWZ5Y7AB	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMP7AZS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	671	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A21ZPG9ITRG1EI	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RGWYVBK	Twitter	265	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A220217I0IXYX3	384PI804XS26TWIL5PVRRPM1QNV0SK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Because there is explicit danger to users	This isnt an experiment if it actively engages a production product	Seems like a valuable study	No one should have another persons password	While the deceit exists, I dont think that it inherently causes participants harm 	Because the spam is infected	I dont think updates should be excluded as part of a business platform	No harm will come to the participants	People should never give their passwords regardless of purpose	I dont see any reason why I should worry about that person being a participant
A221JJK7P6K22W	3RU7GD8VPOU9HDM5MAAH6QN9YW2SPG	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	723	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A222ZZRNNUIEVQ	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMOJAZ2	NoAdvertising	957	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	The lack of consent is troubling.	The lack of consent and emotional manipulation is too egregious.	The consent is questionable, but the privacy issues are minimal.	It involves a lack of consent and an invasion of privacy, which are unacceptable.	There could be negative consequences for some people.	There seems to be an unacceptable lack of consent.	There is a lack of consent, and emotional manipulation on top of that.	There is questionable consent and privacy issues with the study.	The person I care about cannot give consent to be in the study, so I would want them excluded.	There are no privacy issues, but it could be distressing.
A224B7BAQ0MZSN	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP4Z9B2	WithoutImprovingProduct	569	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	They could get in trouble for not informing users that follow spam links.	If participants were forewarned about it and simply not told whether they would have positive or negative posts removed, and if they were closely monitored to ensure the moods were not affecting them too much, I might think it allowable, but I am not sure.	No real risk to participants.	They have no right to the students' passwords.	They are not putting participants at risk.	I do not like the idea that the users who follow spam links are not being informed.	I would be worried that the negative mood would affect them for a duration beyond what the experiment intends.  I also do not like the idea of their social information being subject to experimentation.	No real risk to participants.	The appearance of using an email address of a student's friend to get to them bothers me, as does compromising my friend's own password this way.	They will not be put at risk by the experiment, so I will not mind if they are chosen, but I do not particularly care if they are or aren't.
A224KZMCYMEGVW	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW66RTKO	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	869	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too complicated a study, too much risk to have things go wrong. This is a very complicated setup involving many different groups.	Again, this data is already available. 	I think this would be a great experiment as long as the behaviors/logic the participants used to leak their passwords were addressed. 	I believe it would help teach young adults the importance of verifying sources.	You have to understand human behavior to create the programs that can help keep the online environment as safe as possible.	Again, by looking at data already on the net, this is knowable. 	There is enough data that analyzed correctly, you would not need to perform this experiment. You can analyzed data from Facebook already. This could be potentially really bad. Especially because you are introducing a social element.	I would want to participate just to see if I can "not participate" by being aware of the risk. This experiment would probably work best on the elderly btw.	I would want to know if my kids were smart enough to spot a scam.	I would. I think understanding how to deal with these threats are very important. Yes, I would want my family to participate, just to see how we do.
A228JE1K8SV3R6	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH8YPXLB	WithoutPublication	1097	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	While this study does not seem harmful, I'm not 100% sure it  adheres to ethical research standards.  	I don't think you should mess with people's news feeds.	I don't see that anything about this study is harmful.  	The research is valid and sounds like it will follow standard academic protocols. 	It sounds like a valid academic study that follows established procedures.  					There does not appear to be any harm to participants.  
A228XB0KOQAB2O	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICKPRNC	InsertPosts	529	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I don't like spam, and if someone wants to respond to it, then buyer beware.						seems an invasion of privacy	It's a good lesson.	Once again, don't give passwords out to anyone.	this isn't an invasion of privacy, just sneaky
A229GCVGAFU59A	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEIH1RK8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	373	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										yes, assuming this person agreed to participant in a research experiment even if this aspect of the experiment was not explained to them
A22C0PJUBFJTI0	34V1S5K3GS2J2S81Y8BHJVR2B0X69H	WithoutPublication	463	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		I don't think facebook was providing informed consent					I don't think facebook was providing informed consent			
A22CDR7E994ORK	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMOC1IN	Twitter	822	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent			I feel as if there is more risk involved than noted.			This research could expose many scammers.	I do not view any harm.		Although one has been informed of such an experiment, there is always a possibility that one can be truly scammed.	It appears that it can be harmful and helpful, so I am in the middle of this one.
A22DF5DYJO1ZQT	3CFJTT4SXTRVHTF9LCMM22Q1P36I7H	UnnamedCompany	439	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	I believe it will be difficult to monitor the spammers and the harm they may cause. This needs to be heavily controlled as to not hurt participants computers. 			I believe it is a violation of privacy to impersonate one's facebook friends. 						
A22FK64IWET30E	3BXQMRHWKZZJBNHWJZDP4NB2EO2MUK	WithoutPublication	867	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	I see no harm in it since they aren't actually taking money from participants.	It's harmless and I don't think anyone would mind.		They shouldn't be allowed to get their passwords at all.					This one is risky.	
A22GVUGZ3FI2CY	3NKQQ8O39Y6G7TBJ66EMLXO8572DUF	WithoutPublication	199	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A22H5P9OTDFVWZ	3X3OR7WPZZ1178SYGKB58IEOHOSL81	UnnamedCompany	568	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A22HWDICDADZOM	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTZ19SX	Twitter	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A22LZ62E0UC4VL	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155MQ3GZ	WithoutPublication	523	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This seems like an interesting study.	This study seems like it manipulates people's feelings.  I am not sure if I like this.	This seems like an interesting study.	It seems like an interesting study.	The research could be interesting..	I would want this person to decide for himself.  I would not want to interfere if this person wanted to participate.	I would want the person to decide.  I wouldn't want to interfere if the person wanted to participate.	I would let this person decide.  	It is really up to the person to decide.  I would not want to interfere if that person wanted to participate.	I would want that person to make the decision.  I wouldn't want to decide for the person.
A22MI8GGC8C8BQ	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF4A5MG	WithoutPublication	635	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	may not be ethical but probably ok... as long as not a virus but just a spam email	i think facebook should try to get some permission to do this or find a way to get it w/o compromising the experiment	as long as they dont record the pw's and notify the participants its ok	its unethical and i dont see the point...	as long as its harmless its a good learning experience	most people in my family are not that pc-literate so i wouldnt want them to be involved in this	i have no problem w/this so whatever is ok	people should be aware of the threats out there and how to protect themselves from it	i would hope my friends would not fall for this... my parents i'm not so sure	my parents would fall for this and it would be a pain to explain/fix if real
A22N2UJKB4PW45	3FIJLY1B6U50D8HJGQAIZR4U96DFPP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Sure. As long as they are willing to.				People might get upset if they took this hit.	I'd rather them not be subject to allowing their computer to be infected.		I don't think these types of Hits should be allowed on mturk.		no preference
A22OGN61PI2NS9	3EICBYG644XXOLUBUBFXUPXF3UGJCJ	InsertPosts	897	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				Although mostly harmless, the part about pretending to be the participant's friend is a little out there	The experiment causes no more harm than any other every day activity would.	seems a bit risky		minimal risk	again seems pretty harmless	the experiment seems pretty harmless, the deception is revealed in the debriefing 
A22Q27QZ09L1A9	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NP2FH3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	405	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A22QD6M0A2C77C	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7Y5ZDW	UnnamedCompany	411	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A22QRLP3EV98YW	31HQ4X3T3SBJQS77UIHAP9EPTJJSLU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1750	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I think it's too invasive of privacy			Phishing is a big issue, I just thiunk it should be researched a different way		I believe it would be an invasion of privacy and they could do better with the experimenters			Again I think it would still be too invasive of privacy	
A22SW8CC7MH6NW	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZWUZI1	WithoutPublication	661	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Surely there are better ways to perform the experiment than this. Questionnaires given to consumers on their buying habits alone could be more effective and less risky. 	If consent is not given, there is absolutely no way this should happen.		From the above description given, there's no explanation as to why these experiments are being done. If there is a goal or assumption to test and consent is given, I could see the results being fairly interesting.					I wouldn't want to expose anyone I know to this sort of attack, even for research.	
A22TTCDL3PR5MI	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP42B97	WithoutImprovingProduct	582	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes						sounds harsh	If it will help with scientific research and they remain anonymous then I see only a benefit. 		way too risky 	
A22UZT41I9G9NL	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA43QFLJ	UnnamedCompany	441	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A22VJKQB7772JP	3D8YOU6S9ELHMKW4WJ68FREGON3U6W	Control	582	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I think there is too much risk at exposing their computer to a spammer but then "maintaining control" - it does not seem to be guaranteed to be safe for participants.  Also, it seems unethical to present a dummy site of products that participants would try to buy but then not really have those products. 	I find this study to be manipulative.  Also, I find the idea of an automated algorithm to measure positive or negative moods to be too subjective. 	Since there is no actual harm occurring to the individuals, I think it is okay, but it is important that the debriefing period be thorough and enough to put participants at ease. 	Once passwords are obtained, there should be far more security in place to maintain that they will not be shared or stolen. 	There seems minimal risk involved with this experiment. 	There are far too many variables, in my opinion, and I have doubts that the researchers would be able to maintain sufficient control of their computer. 	I find this study to be manipulative. 	I think that, while the setup of the experiment is necessary, it would lead those who participated to be more paranoid, nervous, and suspicious in general. 	This seems to be a high-risk experiment.  Passwords would be at risk. 	This seems safe, but I wouldn't want to decide whether someone I cared about would participate or not.  I also do not see a great deal of value in the study. 
A22VQ7PMFNS2KB	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO50Z62D	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	786	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I'm not sure. I feel like there could be a better way to go about this experiment.	The previous study made me realize how helpful transparency is with these studies, and since there isn't a similar debriefing with this study, it makes me uncomfortable. I do; however, see the value of the study and think it's worth pursuing, just with caution.	I think the study could help inform people to be less likely to fall for such attacks, so it would be very beneficial. I feel like the study was presented in a very professional way so participants are at no risk for any negative consequences.	Given the extent of the personal information that will be used (university account passwords and Facebook access) I think that participation is risky for the students. I also feel that the information that would come as a result of the study could easily be used for real, actual phishing.	The transparency of the researchers makes me feel that they are trustworthy. Also, there are no risks to the participants and I feel that the information that would be gathered would be useful in a positive way.	This study makes me feel uncomfortable. What happens to the information, even if it is not collected, that the participants give? What happens when they never receive their "purchase?" It seems like a great inconvenience for the participant.	I am very weary of privacy matters and social media. I would not be very trusting of anyone close to me granting access to their Facebook accounts to third parties.	The anonymity of the participants, no actual risk involved, and transparency of the researchers make me feel comfortable about the privacy of the participants.	I personally am very cautious when it comes to personal information. While I do value the study, I would not want someone I care about to be at risk for divulging passwords and their Facebook information.	It's up to the potential candidate, but I feel comfortable that the risks (none) are clearly presented and explained. Transparency is helpful.
A22WBTF75GWEQP	3K2755HG5S4ROBETBHJNZXN5VXDDFW	UnnamedCompany	722	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes				It will encourage people to do the same thing.	Correcting or understand a behavior is necessary work.				This experiment could cause more problems than it solves.	For the sake of science I can stand to be deceived for a few minutes.
A22WWGU41R1BID	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVU825Z7	InsertPosts	548	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	This data is useful, but I don't know if sending spam is allowed.	This seems safe and doesn't interrupt the site in any way.	Participants should still be paid for the HIT if they choose to discontinue the task and refuse to enter the passsword.		User should still get paid if they heed the security warning.	The user is not aware that they are in an experiment.				
A22XK2FSFIAAFG	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IRZBOO0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1935	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A22YMSRV7C0GZ3	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54ND0R1	Twitter	989	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Due to the fact that the researchers would be "listening in" on what was taking place anyway, I think the results of the experiment could be worth the intrusion into people's lives. 	I don't really see the worth. Can it really teach us something new? I would think not. 	It goes against the strict instructions we are all given in this day and age to never give out ANY personal information. 	There does not seem to be enough of a benefit to justify hacking the students. 	I believe that the results from this experiment are worthwhile. The more effective that a security warning is than the better for computer users. I say go for it, but all experiments should be done with caution. 	I am much too cautious to want anyone I know to join such a study.	I don't actually think this is entirely ethical, but controlling media content is nothing new. Think television programming. 	I am fearful of being hacked just even reading about it right now, much less giving any password information.	I don't see how this could be used to prevent people from falling for phishing scams. 	This experiment is not as invasive as the other ones presented because there is no actual risk to the subjects' computers. 
A23074MIOPM4R9	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICWS7AV	InsertPosts	752	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A231AOMO2ZAH0G	3QBD8R3Z21K8US8TH91KJN2DA8TO48	InsertPosts	3181	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	it doesn't seem to be hurting anyone it just is watching how people react to spam	not without peoples consent			some people go to extremes when they think they have a virus would not want someone to format there computer and lose all there data for an experiment 		I don't want one of my friends emotions being messed with.			
A231YJ92L0FV6T	37TRT2X24QSEEG25GBJ2J5RXL8VJBP	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	758	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	There's enough spam in the world without deliberately adding to it.	Thanks Facebook for using us as human guinea pigs. I hope you get sued.	It just doesn't seem very professional that they are actually going to steal passwords even if they claim they won't use them in a bad way.	This is so unprofessional and a violation of privacy. People should not be subjected to research that they have not agreed to be a part of. 	It depends on the warning. We encounter research all the time where we are lied to about the true purpose. However, it would depend on how severe the warning is, i.e. is someone going to freak out over it.	Too many things could go wrong. 	There is no reason for this study. Who care about the determination that is made? I see no scientific value to this.	Who knows what might happen? I would be afraid they would get caught up in something bad.	This is a violation of privacy.	What kind of warning? How severe is this going to be?
A231ZXYHPSNUJQ	3QRYMNZ7FYIATSN7VV2FC6E00XZTNO	NoAdvertising	269	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	To ensure privacy and safety of participants.		To ensure participant safety and privacy.			It seems like it is risky		It seems like it would be risky		
A2359YG3YH3M31	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6P21F0	WithoutPublication	321	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Researchers cannot "piggyback" off of illegal activities, this is unethical.		No passwords are logged so there is minimal risk in this experiment.							
A239673CE4P5VM	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFMZ6GX	WithoutImprovingProduct	481	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A23A9CQJ49RABB	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87M2MA2	NoAdvertising	1047	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If it would help defeat spam, I guess it's ok.	It's an obvious attempt to artificially produce the social behaviors desired by the sponsors or the experiment.  It has no positive value to a society that values honesty, WYSIWYG interactions with technology, and a desire for face-to-face analogue interactions with those they deem "friends".  	IT sounds like it could be helpful.  Yes.	If it would help combat phishing, yes.	It's for a good purpose (to protect people) so i'm all for it...  you slippery bastards.	Subjecting someone (or allowing someone to be subjected to) to a company selling something via spam marketing is questionable but, since they made the decision, I guess I can't argue.	This experiment changes the way an established program works so that it does not work properly.  This can deprive friends and family of valuable and critical socially shared information. 	This seems to be a non-harmful way to learn how to help people.  I'm for it.	I wouldn't mind one way or another.  As long as my friends information isn't actually being stolen and used nefariously, it's cool.	Oooooooh.  Now you've officially mind-fucked me. \r\nWell, sure.  As long as no harm is done, it's cool.
A23B1HC1C45T0J	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR21SJN5	Control	381	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	I'm not sure how important this research question is.	I'm not sure how ethical it is to change someone's Facebook news feed without their knowledge, but I guess this isn't hurting anyone.	It's an important research question, and the deception doesn't hurt anyone.	Phishing is a real problem, and identifying possible reasons for giving out your password is important.	It's an important research question and deception is required.					It's an important research question and it doesn't hurt anyone.
A23CRWABSDSHML	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED6BE5E4	NoAdvertising	1141	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes		Facebook has repeatedly proven they are not trustworthy, or indeed even competent with regards to data security.	Needs binding assurances of non-abuse	I would want to see binding legal privacy documentation to allay fears of data misuse by researchers.			The research is pointless as the results are OBVIOUS. Further filtering ones incoming share stream is new and terrifying level to censorship allowing control over ones own mood!	When people mistype a password the tendency is to check through their entire litany of passwords, thereby making this study ludicrously easy to conduct,  even bad press about it serves a good social goal of security awareness.		Security warnings in my opinion need a lot a of clarification in regards to actual threat indicated.
A23D936C6QLI2D	3L6L49WXW0YMMI2BCU5LAH2MTES45P	WithoutPublication	699	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	As long as no payment or personal information is being collected, I don't see any risks to the participants. 	I don't believe in censoring. 		More people should be informed of phishing scams, but the researchers MUST be proven to be trustworthy and not use acquired passwords for their personal gain.	People should be made more aware of security warnings in order to protect themselves. 	I don't think this experiment would cause any harm to them. 	It's not my right to determine another person's participation. 		It's a violation of their privacy.	
A23E2SIYGW9LF1	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8EC3ZWT	Twitter	548	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		It's immoral to change the perception of someone's world view intentionally, especially for the worst.				Sounds interesting.	This excluding information from the candidate without their consent.	This is a non-invasive study that the HIT worker would actually learn from.		As an HIT worker you are consenting to be part of these studies, sometimes deceitful.
A23EEWQ6FO1B94	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9AH4ZTK	Control	199	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A23IQR52CLOC8D	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FMC43I	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	287	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A23KMOO0WBXC5X	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSZV20U	Control	891	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Even if this research is not being conducted, the participants would still be getting spammed. So might as well gain empirical evidence of its efficiency.									
A23N4SC7GRNAIG	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8F9EM4T	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	713	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A23NHL1Q5LUYB4	3AQF3RZ558JS32ZE1UB9TRDDE24F62	Twitter	165	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes										
A23PRCJGBK3AEP	3ZSY5X72NXCFVYARSLXXRGDN2PGRO3	Twitter	437	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A23S3TBFRILU5H	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8XAUT7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1041	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	yes	yes	The experiment may be able to help identify factors causing spam as well as make recommendations to avoiding/stopping spam.	I believe the experiment is too subjective.	Even though I would not want me or someone close to me I still see the value in the experiment.	I believe this experiment would help gather facts.	Yes it will help determine those who will continue a hit even with a security risk.		I don't like the idea of manipulating the news feed.	Even though I see the benefits, I think deceptive nature of the experiment may cause more harm.	As long as the participant remained anonymous and there information was protected.	
A23TOX8GDFZUPR	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BX6NPB	Twitter	728	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes					There is no risk of significant harm to the participants.	While the spammers themselves are engaging in immoral acts, tricking people into thinking they are making a purchase when they are not is unethical in my opinion.	Modifying a users' social interactions without notifying them up front is unethical.	This seems far more ethically designed than the previous (phishing) study, since no password info is being recorded.	Impersonating candidate's friends and gaining their passwords in this manner is highly unethical.	It would be a good experience for the candidate, and would help to improve our knowledge as a society.
A23VM3SZWYATBO	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC9MHS2	WithoutPublication	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	I've often wondered about this....Do people REALLY buy from these places?		Something needs to be done to help protect people from hackers.							
A23XJFDG4Z1SRU	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WM8GEH	InsertPosts	180	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	indifferent										
A23XTXXAHLJGVD	3N1FSUEFL51HQVH4R0N48TQE66U4DN	Twitter	569	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A23YGWXJ2T4PHI	3ND9UOO81K3CX9OGENRBMYHAZ0ULWP	Control	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		It doesn't do anything wrong.	They're not hurting anyone.				Wouldn't mind either way.	If it teaches them to be safer, why not?		
A240WAAFSKL2OS	3JC6VJ2SABK1O7ISLVFCNKOMLW1A5Z	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1619	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I would be cautious about any experiment that involves getting people's passwords, but if you can trust the researher, and they only kept the information as long as needed on their one computer and wouldn't  allow anyone else access to that computer, it would be alright.	For some reason facebook seems very personal.. I don't think people's really personal information.	I think the biggest problem would be that MTurk seems to have an awful lot of people who have access to the HITs.  I'm not sure peoples passwords would be safe, and many of us would be uncomfortable sharing passwords.  This would most likely cause a lot of us to be up very late tonight to be changing passwords.	It sounds as if the researchers are looking for ways to solve problems.  I think you have to be careful who sees the information, even how many researchers have access to the information.  The more people that have access, the harder it could be to keep the information confidential.	This test seems safe,  They will be as controlling as any other test, but they will not be taking other peoples exams, it will just look as if tjey did.	If this spam was going to a computer set up by a reseracher to use as a dummy computer with the spam, it seems that the information in that computer could be very tightly controlled by one researcher, sending the information to one ocmputer.	That is a flat our lie.  The person mighty things were great with their frieds and that might not be Fun or even healthy,  	It would be helpful for the people doing the survey.  I'm not sure anyone I know would give out passwords though, although some of them may be tricked into it.	It is a difficult question, but it seems that the researchers are doing this phising for a good thing.  So I would hope my friends would participate in this experiment.	This seems the safest of all the options.  The person keeps their passwords safe, it sounds like someone has taken their passowords.
A241W3RU10SKTI	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZ69XVW	NoAdvertising	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It sets a virus in place. They say they will not collect payments or personal information but this could make a lot of people angry			It's for a helpful and preventative cause	Yes, it's causing no harm			It's data that will help increase security	It can be helpful in reducing the risk of getting phishing emails	Seems interesting and fun
A2452REIMLRILG	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEQAXCW	InsertPosts	679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			As long as they are not actually stealing information, then yes.					The more research and investigation that goes into preventing cyber crime, the better off our technology dependant society will be. I believe it will also help that person to recognize future attempts for getting their password stolen.	It will teach them a lesson to not click on strange emails.	
A2455EWYEN7OGF	3U5JL4WY5KAVO1MLI0OG20T6MLLX4R	UnnamedCompany	583	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent			I think this is for a great cause because so many people become a victim to this nowadays. I don't think anyone will be harmed or have any hard feelings. 		Any researcher should proceed with caution. You never know what could happen to people when they feel like they are under duress. 	This does not sound like it would require outside participants other than the researchers themselves. 	I think social media has become so integrated in our lives in the past couple of years. I think both good and bad things have come from it. I think this would be a great research study and would recommend it to someone I cared about.	It is completely up to the individual to want to participate or not. I think this would be a fun study.	I think that people should be completely aware that they are part of a study before proceeding with a university wide experiment. I think this would cause an uproar between students, faculty, and family members. 	It is completely up to them if they would like to participate or not. I don't think there are any real risks because it is unlawful to do so anyways. 
A248ARSA6FS20S	33LK57MYLT63VHOB9J8JXOPN8UTZSQ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1175	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	unsure	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent	As long as no one is harmed, there should be no problem.	They are interfering with personal conversations of people.	There will be no harm done.	No harm will come to anyone.	Again, it doesn't appear to have any real benefits or detriments.	They would not be harmed in any way and would be aiding research.	They could miss possibly important information.	They will learn about methods to steal passwords.	They might learn the importance of identifying phishing emails.	It doesn't appear to have any real benefits or detriments.
A248ENIT62IG75	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA9FA42J	UnnamedCompany	164	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A24AF2BWKGCXGG	3LO69W1SU3EG0NYGZINT0VVM5BWLGG	WithoutPublication	499	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							people's feeds shouldn't be tampered with - if the experiment proceeds, participants should be informed that they will miss some items in the news feed and agree to that condition.		I don't think participating would be harmful or beneficial to the participants.	
A24CA9MIOO3NV5	3TXD01ZLD4I37XSQDVDTITU2SYRU49	WithoutPublication	693	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	This seems like it may yield positive results and be quite beneficial.	Facebook can do whatever facebook pleases, as far as I'm concerned. I wouldn't want to be a part of theirs study though.	There is nothing ethically wrong with this scenario, but strong security measures should be taken	People fall for phishing attacks all the time. The percentage of people who actually get suckered into them really doesn't matter. Preventative measures being taught to people are a much better utilization of dollars and time  than a study measuring the percentage of people who fall for these attacks.	There are great benefits that could come from this study and the set up seems very straight forward.	I'd want anyone who may be involved in this study to avoid it if possible, just for the sake of keeping their computers safe, but it seems harmless.	People subscribe to facebook for a reason - to keep in touch with the goings on of people they know. If certain events are taken out of their news feed, the reason for them being there in the first place is no longer being served.	I'd rather not anyone I cared about be put in a situation where they're providing their passwords, secure or not, unnecessarily.	The grounds of this study is deceptive and I'd want people I care about to have no part in it.	This study yields no risk and potentially great results.
A24CLQAFLJP6XC	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FHH34C	Control	3617	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	Hard to say, since they would be deliberately annoying poeple				Again, since people would be willing participants it seems ok to me	Nobody should get more spam	Seems like an invasion of privacy	Putting passwords out there, even if the researchers will not steal it, is dangerous	People may think that their friends are trying to scam them	They would be a willing participant and be compensated
A24DYXCGZQUZUQ	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEUFXC9	Control	654	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A24DZU2LIWZQCG	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU475PWV	Control	1159	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes		Facebook is a public site. 			This is the age of technology. IF no harm is actually being done, I am for it. 	Spam email is junk mail. I dont particularly care. 	It would be interesting. 	MAybe they would learn something about hackers. 	I think there is too much risk involved with that one	
A24FKTSQSGWMK4	3LPW2N6LKT3L3GWQR0W3NL0GS0PU5T	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	465	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A24GS2UEFH270M	3X3OR7WPZZ1178SYGKB58IEOH148LQ	WithoutPublication	758	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A24H90LO3Z29H0	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2B4PJ8	NoAdvertising	408	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes							Social media should be personal and not subject to research like this. 	It would give them a chance to be better protected in the future. 		
A24HM78CVOTTZS	3WOKGM4L71HRV4QSY8EI7KC0T0PO0C	NoAdvertising	614	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	This is too risky for the participants, especially without their knowledge.					This can compromise the person's personal information.			Very good idea for a survey.	
A24L4Y8HCZSUIF	34X6J5FLPTZ1IM4UZTGSEUMW7A5JQE	WithoutPublication	1559	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Does it really matter if we find out how effective spammers are? If the study finds out spamming is effective, spammers will only send out more spam, and if they find out it is not effective, spammers will still send out spam. 	This experiment is unethical and could result in depressed individuals becoming even more depressed. Depressed individuals may become unstable and not only post negative statuses, but act on their depression in the form of suicide attempts. Maybe a person is only one depressing Facebook status away from ending his or her own life. 	This experiment is unethical.  	Consent should come before a study is conducted, not after. 	Some people may not make it to the end of the survey after receiving a security risk, as they might think the survey caused the security risk. The participant might close the survey before he/she finds out the security threat wasn't real and therefore become agitated trying to figure out if they have a virus. 	It doesn't seem ethical to send users to a fake store and have them enter in personal information (even if this information isn't saved). 	This is an unethical experiment, as it could effect the moods of the participants involved. These participants are not being monitored by a professional psychologist to see if the participants are stable enough to undergo this experiment. 	This study seems faulty, as a hacker could also easily claim to be from a study and say the password and personal information weren't saved. Hackers could use this experiment to their advantage. 	Consent to participate in a study such as this should come before the experiment is performed, not after. Also, impersonating a student's friend is unethical. 	I don't think this study would have any long-term negative effects on its participants. 
A24N00FSJO3DZP	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK05W72E	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	844	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent							I think this is too personal a level to be intruding on.		I think this is okay as long as they are notified about it afterwards, and the information that is being phished is not too private or personal.	
A24O6UEHBOEYLE	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALQHC5G	Control	482	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no				Why not?			Fuck Facebook.	Anything to make password theft decline.		
A24QSO0ZGQNMRF	3KYQYYSHYV8LUORMAK2DMRWJNNRDOJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	721	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	For the reason I stated above. 	It's invasive and wrong to do it. 	For the above reasons. 	It's not needed. 	Again, because it's not a real risk and the results could help in the long run it would be worthwhile. 	It's not entirely clear if users going to the store site would be protected and it's sounds iffy.  It's a good idea so long as the public is not in any way compromised. 	I don't think Facebook is the place to use people. I think it's sketchy using people in this format when they haven't been asked or have knowledge they're being used this way.  	It would depend on how honest the researchers and people involved are and that's not possible to gauge. 	I think it's entirely unnecessary.  We know people fall for such stuff and to create more crap e-mails than are already out there is just useless. 	Because there is actually no real security breach I don't think it would be a problem. 
A24SP2MNRGBBZZ	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX6FGS2	Twitter	436	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	No one is really being harmed	They should but in a more controlled environment	No harm is being done. If anything they are trying to identify security flaws to protect us.	Unethical	No one is being harmed physically or emotionally.	Just feels like a general study rather then an attack like the first scenario.	No because it's playing headgames.	Nothing is being taken from them and they are at no risk.	The rights of the students are being violated without their knowledge	It's dealing with mechanical error. 
A24SZFO82HLO6O	3MH9DQ757WDJJDLA8WFURIR5I6YUG0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	345	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A24TO9FQLZ67S4	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CM7JZ7	UnnamedCompany	401	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	I would be interested to learn this myself, because companies keep sending spam for a reason, so people must be clicking on the links and ordering products.	Users may not want some of their social networking posts excluded without their specific permission		I have been a victim of phishing and I know how serious it is or can be, so the research should be allowed.	It's kind of dishonest...		It would be up to that person.		Sure, why not?	It's up to the person
A24TPUPKNYP6GH	3KYQYYSHYV8LUORMAK2DMRWJNOGODL	WithoutImprovingProduct	542	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		It is not harming anyone.					I don't think any harm can come of this experiment.			
A24V8OXDO5DR84	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ1ZK5E	WithoutImprovingProduct	734	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I don't know if a researcher could really have full control over such an experiment. This could definitely compromise the privacy of a lot of people	It is not valuable information, except to the company. The lack of consent from the people participating makes me uneasy. 	I think that if they are deceiving the people there should be compensation. I think that compensation should be a requirement for this type of study/	I think subjecting people to a study without their knowing or consent is unethical.	I think this could benefit a large group of people.	I am skeptical that the researchers could be "in control". I don't think anyone should willingly subject other people to spammers even if it is "controlled".		I believe that it is a harmless experiment that could benefit a large group of people.	I think it is valuable information gathered from this type of study that could be used to benefit a large group of people.	I think this could benefit a large group of people with minimal risk to the person in the study.
A24WNVISY6M620	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5JLUE7	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	705	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This seems like a valid area to research	The researchers should take the time to make sure that any change in mood is not permanent.		The researchers appear to be trying to keep the personal information of those involved in the study as secure as possible by disclosing anything they capture.		I see no reason to be for or against someone taking place in this study				
A24XTTG0CC6THX	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUAH5ZQ	InsertPosts	554	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	The only problem I can see with this is if they aren't careful enough to protect peoples personal information from being stolen by spammers.	I need to think about this for longer before making up my mind. I have heard about something like this on the news some but hadn't thought about it much. 	You would have to really go the extra mile to assure people that their passwords were not stolen by the research team.	Yeah, it should be fine, just make sure to notify people thoroughly what is being done.	Again, no problems with this. Deception is sometimes necessary in research, and this is pretty harmless.	This is actually a pretty cool idea! It is like out-thinking the spammers.	This one is a bit iffy. I can see the value of it for social sciences, but it might set an uncomfortable precedent...if companies manipulated how we perceived our friends to change our mood.	This should be fine, if I personally went through the study I might be a bit suspicious afterwards that I might have given away my passwords and it was some elaborate scam though.	I think this experiment is fine, so long as they tell people in a reasonable amount of time that this was a research experiment. 	I don't see any problems with this.
A24Z7V2S7S91RO	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMB1EM6A	WithoutPublication	677	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	I don't like that the researchers will not inform the people that receive the spam sent by the attackers. I don't think that is right. I would want to know.				I like that the researchers will let the participants know about the research and assure them that their security was not at risk.					I think this is a good research experiment.
A24Z8LDX8HSA6E	3MTMREQS4VJV1QXCHW2LDK1Z5THWAE	UnnamedCompany	473	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	No informed consent	no informed consent	no informed consent, although the participants would know they are participating in an experiment	no informed consent	no fully informed consent				Don't see anything wrong, but it does not have informed consent	
A25173Z4W2QR3I	34X6J5FLPTZ1IM4UZTGSEUMW7AOJQX	UnnamedCompany	545	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		I think it would make a really interesting article to what people mostly post on facebook and their moods.	More people need to learn about how there are so many scammers out there and to be cautious when giving away their info or logging on to websites.	It is very important people are aware that there are scammers out there and they need to be careful.	It is important for people to learn that security warnings aren't just some optional message, they are actually warning you for potential scammers.	I would be scared that some type of defect or accident would happen where the spammer gains control again and gets the info.	I don't see the harm in participating in this experiment, it is actually fun.	They would learn to never fall for this type of trick from scammers again and be cautious.	Because they would learn their lesson and be careful from then on.	because i would want them to take security warnings serious and to be cautious from then on.
A253YG51C96KX3	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IMWCK6W	WithoutImprovingProduct	857	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	There are always legal issues, and for most studies the participants are informed.  I do see however, that this is the only way to get real data which will be beneficial to many in the end.	It is wrong to exclude someone's friend's posts from popping up on their timeline because if it was some important life event they would want to know about it.  It is wrong to hack into people's Facebook page.	I think it will benefit many people.	I believe it will benefit people in the future and make them more cautious.	It will benefit people in the future if better and more effective warnings are used.	I do not think that it would hurt or benefit someone I cared about to take part in the study as a participant.	I do not think that people should mess with other people's Facebook.	I think that they would benefit in the by being told that they could have potentially given out their information to hackers and maybe not be as likely to do it in the future.		
A2551EKB87S2XY	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADSA1QV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1473	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A257ME32FPHV0N	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR01J22	UnnamedCompany	474	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Only if the results would help someone to lessen or stop spam all together, otherwise yes, but with caution.	Facebook did this an it is irritating how big time social media outlets can use us like Guinea Pigs for which they probably profit form it.		Because you want to test peoples passwords on a website.  What happens to their private information?		I don't like spam and neither do my friends and family.	Facebook did this an it is irritating how big time social media outlets can use us like Guinea Pigs for which they probably profit form it.		Because you want to test peoples passwords on a website.  What happens to their private information?	
A257UIPAZR9NTN	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DWQXNK	Twitter	1063	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A257YENMMK77ZY	3II4UPYCOJ8OF042PXUHBWRJ2QLDQ7	WithoutImprovingProduct	475	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Spam is awful, and it would be very beneficial to the public to put a stop to it... I myself find it very annoying.	It would help identify mood inhibitors and therefore, maybe making a happier society?			How else is the data that is needed to be collected?	As I stated before, it is the decision of the person being asked to do it.	It is up to the person being faced with the ability to take the study.			I feel that is the option of the person being asked to take the risk.  
A258IQXX7F3Z8O	3ZY8KE4ISJ4A9H4OGIUBHIXQ2WPVQM	UnnamedCompany	750	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	It is not ethical to know that someone is being cheated and not help them, or not to report a website that is hurting people.	People get important information from Facebook feeds and it is important that information that may be sad about health conditions of relatives are shown.	There are better ways to get this information than to conduct this experiment, questionnaires would be safer and get you the same information.	I think that the results of this study will be used against individuals and cause more harm, there are better ways to find that information.	I think it offers valuable information, however I feel that there should be some controls with this study to ensure no harms comes to the participants.	I would be really mad if my friend was involved in this project, as they were ripped off the researched knew they were getting ripped off and no one did anything about it.	I don't feel that this study would hurt the participant in anyway, however, I also don't see how this information is useful.	There is to much at risk, the security of the passwords cannot be guaranteed.	I feel this study and the results of the study could be dangerous.	I think that the people I know need to be more aware of their safety online and this would help them.
A2591BAZCP4X8M	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WLU0C4P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	467	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent			i think people could get very angry about being tricked into giving their passwords			all i can think of is my mother, who will click any link she is sent and constantly gets viruses because of it.  i would not want her doing something like this that could reinforce clicking links in spam emails		i feel like participants would come out of it with a better idea of how to avoid password hacking	people are already really likely to fall for this crap, i feel like this just reinforces their dumb behavior.  LOL IT'S OKAY IT'S PROBABLY A STUDY OR SOMETHING, I CAN CLICK ANYTHING	
A25AH67IDN9Y93	3Z7VU45IPYI31XPHW0TZ1N2EIZEZ1E	Control	343	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A25AMA8W5ASH00	31QTRG6Q2TE6DZYELG26OCBAFECPYZ	Control	416	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes					Wouldn't want to cause undue stress on someone thinking there was something wrong.					
A25BK0BBCDUSXQ	3Y5140Z9DXHKNZJ9HYG32OHMPVQIPY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	372	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent							I wouldn't want people I know to be subjected to more potentially negative posts.			
A25D3YXMIGY030	3M68NM076H8P6S4NSPB3AGRWHUOR6Q	Control	427	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	someone will copy and take advantage of others	it's just science for data, not content	no harm no foul		no harm no foul		it's an idiotic study	need to learn a lesson		learning a lesson
A25D66AC4QUW2U	3Z7VU45IPYI31XPHW0TZ1N2EIU0Z1Q	NoAdvertising	320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A25DHXVNVC0VPW	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594KUPF8D	Control	244	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A25GVZYDAMY6E8	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZETW9Z	InsertPosts	337	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent									Phishing is never right, even when it is a harmless experiment	
A25M4PFZNYCT0B	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTIDE6RAA	InsertPosts	594	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It's a bit problematic that people who think they're buying something will never be told they weren't actually buying anything.  Of course, that also depends on if the original spammer's store ever intended to fulfill orders.			More assurances that passwords were not stored would be helpful, though it's hard to verify that sort of claim with computers.						There isn't really any risk here of personal data leakage.  I think.  Depending on the ecurity vulnerability involved.
A25MAA14V6FLE3	39RP059MEHU4FO8QJ8WUZXJEPCXMBN	WithoutImprovingProduct	855	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A25N3E2N246ONN	3FPRZHYEPY8I2GYMI7IF4A4FS97V3P	Control	540	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent							This messes with someones emotional well being 			This experiment seems to present no danger so I wouldn't care either way
A25NXSELCH5S87	35USIKEBNRH4RUCVZIUM1WMMGPL6NN	Twitter	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	They are basically sending out spam by controlling what gets sent out- so there may be some ethical issues to work out first.	I'd prefer if people were informed after the fact that their newsfeeds were adjusted. I just heard of this being done and couldn't help but wonder if I was a part of it- there were a lot of happy things posted lately!	This one will need some specific controlst o be sure they aren't actually collecting passwords.	I'm uncomfortable with them collecting the passwords and then actually verifying them. This is phishing.	If it were me, I'd quickly just return the HIT and exit the study.	This seems no more harmful than receiving a spam email from a friend	Sounds like Facebook has done this recently- it can't be too harmful, but it is a little weird	Anything that they might type their password into makes me nervous	Actually giving real passwords is horrible! This is basically phishing, but for research.	I dont think there is much harm to the participants, so it wouldn't matter either way to me if someone I know where included.
A25P3JL55LN0DG	39ASUFLU6X8DG3JE760TBM5XZ12EXJ	InsertPosts	382	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A25Q38HGRI57XW	39OWYR0EPKSUMM9K7D61CIX6DITYFT	WithoutImprovingProduct	1123	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		It is unethical in a sense however it would yield pure data.			I believe that the researchers should be allowed to proceed with the experiment because they would be able to get honest opinions, data and answers however, I believe that the participants should be debriefed at the end.	While this would allow the researchers to obtained unbiased results (data) I think it is unethical because they would be placing infected software into the pool of data and it could seriously affect one of the participants emails and computers.	The researchers should not unknowingly do such a study to its users without notifying them.		I think it is unethical. While it would yield real results the way in which the experiment is being carried out is unethical.	I would want them to be a candidate participant because while they would not be subjected to real security risks it would assist researchers in their experiment as it relates to security warnings.
A25ROS9CH7PSFZ	3TE22NPXPBD4QZYBYPMB5PW8TL544Y	WithoutPublication	536	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes			It will help those who fall for it become more aware and may help others.	Huge invasion of privacy involved.	Sounds worthwhile.					
A25S1V6R8J15KO	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMHQI14	InsertPosts	420	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A25S4Y98REIG0O	3GD6L00D3SY32QQYHB35TL653OC1M1	WithoutPublication	596	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes			They must be quite cautious with the data collected.			It could mean my friend falls for scams in the first place.				
A25S7SQCXKX0T1	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD0O8JP	UnnamedCompany	1059	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	only if they provide brand new, untainted computers to the participants IMMEDIATELY post-participation. even that is not enough.	probably not, because there is no real--or at least simple & cost effective--way to screen out the emotionally raw.\r\n\r\notoh, i also think that, collectively & individually, we are purposefully thinning our skins. if this minor experiment is the WORST thing ever to have happened to a person, that person should be overjoyed.\r\n\r\noto,oh, there is obviously a "slippery slope" argument somewhere around here.	yes. ibid. same reasoning. i might add that it would also be okay IF it was a more drawn out experiment, one in which a participant could open a new free email account [ie: gmail, yahoo] to be used, along w/ its password, ONLY for this study.	ibid, also that there are other ways to ascertain this information.	i dont think it's much different than what all us 'turkerworkers deal w/ every day, here on the mechanical.	the risk is too great, the acquired knowledge too small.	my actual answer is "it depends." if my friend is emotionally stable, or primarily so, then yeah, i think the experiment is okay. if my friend is seriously fragile, then no.	sure. IF s/he did not have to disclose any REAL passwords s/he actually uses anywhere other than this survey.	no, for the same reason as last time. too great the risk, too insignificant the data.	again, if there was never any TRUE risk, i dont see the problem w/ the experiment--especially since it will be explained at its end.
A25SF3739J5EOQ	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFYKION	UnnamedCompany	744	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Anger is an issue with this. Some people might get mad if you don't show them all of their facebook posts.	People could get mad if they are lied to. They might feel that their privacy was invaded.		People could get really angry because this isn't what they agreed to. It's a trick. They aren't really in harms way but it might still make them angry.		If someone wants to participate in this I don't mind. It's not effecting me.	I don't see any harm in this study. It's not like the person is really going to get hacked. I would care either way.		It wouldn't bother me if someone chose to do this because it isn't real. it's just a study.
A25TXFNND81Q0S	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XAWE71	Control	363	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	This violates a number of ethical guidelines and could result in identity theft if the coding of the spam is not correct.	It is okay to do this, but I don't see the point.	It is important to examine this issue.	It's a useful study.	It is necessary to explore the topic.	Again, this is solved through common sense.	I don't really see the point of this.	Most of these issues can be solved by common sense.	Most of the situations can already be avoided with common sense, such as if some link seems out of the ordinary with what a friend posts.	People tend not to realize how often a common website could have security flaws.
A25UVCSOHZZK94	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGSRBD4	WithoutImprovingProduct	751	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	I would be very cautious about using any coding or programming created by a spammer. They often infect other computers and could easily infect the computers of participants.	I could see participants becoming angered that their Facebook feed was tampered with or that certain items they would normally otherwise see were suppressed.	I cannot foresee how this would create complications or lead participants to put themselves in the way of real risk.	I believe that it would be wrong and intrusive to snoop on participant's Facebook feeds and Facebook friends and then impersonate one.	While the outcome of the research is important, I believe that there are other ways to go about researching the effectiveness of a displayed warning without imitating a security risk. I think too many people would mistakenly believe that they are at risk, abandon the experiment, and download or use programs that are security risks to remedy the false security risk.	So long as no personal information about the participants whatsoever is collected, I do not see why this would be a problem.	I don't see the harm in participating in such an experiment, but I do not see much benefit in it either.	I think it would show many people how the information that they provide on the internet is not necessarily always safe. 	This seems to be an extremely invasive study. 	I don't believe that the people I care for are tech savvy enough to understand that their computer is not at risk. I think they would believe that their computer is at risk of a security threat and then download a program that IS a security threat to remedy the perceived security threat.
A25VTSM62LVGX5	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4N0SEOF	Twitter	659	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I think it would be great if researchers can figure out a way to stop spammers before they target unknowing people.	The findings could be beneficial, but it seems a different, more anonymous, less intrusive method is needed.	The more we can tighten computer security, the better!	The more we learn about how to prevent phishing, the better!	It is important to strengthen computer security.	I don't see any harm being done to the participant. The researchers seemingly have everything controlled so that the participant will not be personally affected.	This research will interfere with the person's personal life, which I don't find appropriate.	The researchers have everything controlled and anonymous, so there is no harm to the participant.		Everything is anonymous and controlled, so there seems to be no harm to the participant.
A25XF7JNDKL995	31HQ4X3T3SBJQS77UIHAP9EPTLJLSR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	939	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I think it is deceptive and not a good idea to conduct research in this way.	They should not be editing the news feed.  The reason they are wanting to do this experiment does not seem valid to me.	It is deceptive and will cause people stress	This is deceptive and not a good experiment	It sounds like this could results in better ways to provide security warnings in the future.	I feel it would be deceptive to send them spam and then reroute the purchases to a different website to measure consumer behavior.	I don't like the idea of Facebook excluding posts from the news feed.	I think it would be upsetting for people to participate in this experiment.	I do not like the idea of creating a bogus phishing email to see if it works.	This sounds like an experiment that could result in improvements in security warnings.  Since no real security breach would occur I think it would be ok.
A25Y34C37IGJUP	3F0BG9B9MPOH7TUEPU8POQKPFNAY7B	WithoutImprovingProduct	629	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	Lack of benefit or explanation to participants make me uncomfortable with this one.	I'm very selective about who I actually see Facebook updates from - around a dozen people total. I follow them because they're the people actually close to me, and I would not like arbitrary hiding of their content.	There is no actual risk to participants, and they will learn more about security.	Actively impersonating real, immediately relevant institutions and people could negatively impact participants actual well-being.	This seems ethically OK, but it'd be bad if a participant ended up get finishing the HIT because of perceived but non-real risk.			The explanation would help them understand how to be safer with their information in the future. 		
A25ZADCJI3D5AF	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTID5AARF	Control	1141	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I believe this will provide useful information, to help combat spammers.	No. This can cause harm to people. For instance, what if someone who is depressed all of the sudden has more and more negative feeds, this could easily put this person into a deeper depression.	Yes, I believe it will create good information.	This might create useful data, and help people become more aware of phishing schemes.	This will ultimately help to create more effective security warnings.	I believe this will provide useful information, to help combat spammers.	I believe this is manipulative! If someone I cared about were in the negative group, where positive messages were removed, they would be psychologically manipulated into feeling down about themselves.	I believe this will help create better security protocols on the user end, by making people aware of common techniques that create vulnerabilities. 	I believe this is manipulative, but it is a university sanctioned study, and participates will be made aware.	This will ultimately help to create more effective security warnings.
A25ZAMBJ1NGZHQ	3X73LLYYQ1FKOJWCV1LQYNBCP50HN2	WithoutImprovingProduct	275	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	indifferent										
A25ZFH3PBOTIIW	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSS820T	WithoutPublication	917	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	The idea of the research is good and needs to be done.	I think the idea of the research is good.	No one will be harmed and they will be able to measure how often users fall victim to attacks that target user's passwords.	I think the idea of the research is good, but I'm not comfortable with sending emails from the subjects' Facebook account.	It is good information and no one will be harmed.	I wouldn't want them to be hurt.	I think the idea of the research is good and I think the participants need to be random.  I don't think my friend would be harmed.	The idea is good and it won't harm them.	I wouldn't want them to be hurt.	
A2625D0DGZS7I6	33CKWXB73JL66149OPK79TI25D411G	WithoutImprovingProduct	232	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A264I2T7ZOSQGF	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJSBVEI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	222	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A267TQL6LVWW7K	3WRFBPLXRAP5UBPDGGWOUTA26Y33NY	WithoutImprovingProduct	484	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	They should be given permission, but they must have the best anti-virus measures in place to ensure the spamware doesn't bloat out of control and to make sure there is no spyware included with the spam.	The researchers should make sure that they do not invade the privacy of the Facebook users without permission, others they will be violating their privacy rights.	It is critical that this experiment proceed unhindered in order to further the cause of informing others of how to prevent being phished by hackers and thieves.	The researchers should make sure that all of their information on the passwords collected must be deleted in order to ensure that it does not fall into the wrong hands.	I give full permission for the researchers to proceed with this experiment because they are furthering the cause of science by gathering more data, and without any risk of real danger too. There is nothing to loss, but everything to gain.	I would personally prefer that they did not participant in this experiment, because their PC is at risk of becoming infested with spamware.	I would allow them to participate in this experiment, because they are not placed in any danger and it allows the researchers to gain more data for their research.	I would want them to participant in this experiment because not only they are not in danger of losing their confidential information, but they will also learn anti-phishing measures. Not to mention the researchers will have gained more data.	I would want them to participate in this experiment, because they become aware of how easy it is for an unsuspected individual to be phished of critical data and learn how to prevent falling for it again.	I would want this person to be included as a participant because they would never be in any real danger, and plus the researchers will have gathered more data for their study.
A268NI14A3QENR	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z65V4EQ	Control	450	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes								Because the researchers will inform them that this was all done for research and they'll reassure participants that no passwords were actually stolen during the study.	Because the researchers will notify students that this was a research study.	
A268SWOS479FCX	32VNZTT0A75BR50991IODI7IL40R4P	UnnamedCompany	680	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	They should let people know after that it was an experiment.	There is an upside and downside to this.	As long as it is done ethically it will not hurt anyone, but the participants can learn something.	There is a lot to be gained	It will make IT security more effective.	They should let people know after that it was an experiment.	The participant gains nothing and can be harmed.	There is a lot to be gained from this.	I think it is a learning opportunity	No harm will be done, just a minor nuisance. 
A268V83VY8GXBR	33OOO72IVHMR2OQG65T1WVKO1VNTCC	UnnamedCompany	220	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			Security is important		Security is important					Why not?
A269S7NCIE9Y5U	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P5579F6JQ	InsertPosts	1075	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think this study is different than most and would definitely be a great experiment to obtain data that could be very effective in changing how spam emails are sent.	I believe the researchers should be allowed to do this experiment and would most likely not bring any harm.	It's important to do experiments to find such data, but proceed with caution just because they are experimenting with people's private passwords.	I believe this is a great experiment, but should be cautious in order to prevent any lawsuits. It's great to get that kind of research out there, but being careful is very important!	Once again, I think this is an interesting and great experiment, but the researchers should be cautious to make sure that they do not step on any toes. 	I believe this is a different kind of study, but I would have no preference if someone I cared for was in this study or not. It seems rather harmless and can be effective in finding data.	I think this is a fantastic idea for an experiment and would want anyone to be involved in it. I would be interested in participating.	Though this is an interesting experiment, I am not sure if I would want others I care about to participate.  I would be cautious for them.	I would want as many of the people I care for be aware of these phishing schemes and recognize perhaps when they may occur. 	I think it is an interesting experiment but I do not lean towards a yes or no for someone I care to do this.
A26E7OFN091HSQ	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK05U72C	Control	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no										
A26EHT0GNZXBNL	3SKRO2GZ71S8C2QVWZQPE8E1EJS1K7	Control	408	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	people don't like spam emails and don't like being decieved	it's their site, so the can do what they want within the limitations of the law	some people might get upset about revealing personal details and being decieved	some people don't like being decieved even for research purposes		again, other people's participation is of no real concern to me	the facebook users accepted terms of agreement when they signed up so they brought it upon themselves	what other people do with their personal information is of no concern to me 	what other people do doesn't matter to me	this study doesn't seems more harmless than the others
A26F31DDI8Y07M	36TFCYNS44BP0DAGX78ZWP2ARIAXH0	InsertPosts	462	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The results are valuable but it may cause friction between friends.			This is valuable but could create mistrust between friends.		Information obtained would be valuable but it's up to each person if he/she feels comfortable with the expriment.			The experiment offers valuable insight, but it would be up to each individual as to whether he/she felt comfortable with the deception.	
A26GD7O74RXO5U	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P55770J6K	InsertPosts	810	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes			They really need to be sure that they are not stealing real passwords and are hiding passwords in a secure spot.	They really need to debrief people so that people don't have heart attacks over this.	People who Turk sign up for things like this.	Spam is just too annoying to deal with this way.	Nobody expects to be screwed around on a commercial site like Facebook. It's not fair at all.	I think it will teach them about safe passwords without being harmed if they pick an unsafe one.	It will again teach them internet safety and give them a "safe" scare.	If you're on Amazon Mechanical Turk, you should expect this kind of thing.
A26IUTQDYBSJKR	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ3PWE9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	294	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A26J59I88M1273	3I33IC7ZWF39PAZ53CDEPDLA1LD2AR	Control	348	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
A26JIHKBORI9X	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4J4KS9	InsertPosts	443	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	As long as they're safe and careful with the data.		As long as researchers take every precaution.			I would think my friends are smart enough to know about spam.	Sounds safe for people.	Again, I think my friends and family are savvy enough not to be tricked.	This would be interesting to see and hear about.	A good test
A26KS8UJF921OH	3VSOLARPKBAK59LJF6DJCSFI1C839R	UnnamedCompany	618	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I believe that becoming infected with spam software is too dangerous.	Should not be allowed without more informed consent, since examining emotional state is more dangerous than imagining internet security, etc.	People may be uncomfortable with possibly believing that their password may have been stolen.	It would be beneficial for people to be aware of vulnerabilities, but they must also learn to change passwords, etc. Don't want the usernames and passwords to be stored without consent or anything.	No real harm is done and no sensitive information is taken	Do not trust researchers getting infected with spam software. Could be infected with something worse than they expect.	This study may change people's emotional states without their consent. May have unintended consequences.	Teach people about the dangers of password security.	I would be interested in knowing whether I would fall victim to phishing	Good to learn about computer security and risks
A26NW5ZGUP7LM5	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7KFRLQ	InsertPosts	370	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A26OAMKMWZDZC2	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKODSVJ	WithoutPublication	649	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				The researchers need to be very careful about protecting participants' account information.		This experiment seems risky and I don't like the idea that participants are never notified, not even after the experiment.	This experiment could cause personal harm to the participants as they may wonder why friends' postings are different than normal, or why a friend is posting more or less than usual. If postings are more negative than usual, a participant could mention this to a friend which may skew the experiment's results. 			
A26OC3BUCY2US6	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3COCPAU	UnnamedCompany	660	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A26SH5ILBXSSJ0	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPGZPYRV	UnnamedCompany	431	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	While no harm is being performed, the nature of studying spam and malware requires deviousness that is not optimal in science.	It could become unpopular.	I just don't see how that many people participating can all be trusted.	Again, students have plenty of exposure to accounts being hacked and such. If nothing else, this will reflect that.	If nothing else, it will raise awareness of the dangers of ignoring a computer's security warnings in a website or download.	If no purchase is being made, in my opinion no harm is being done, outside of the person realizing that no purchase was made and the desired product will not ever be delivered.	This may be successful and make them more depressed, but honestly I don't see that as being very impactful.	I do not trust the researchers to all absolutely not store the passwords.	Students are generally weary of spambots anyway.	I see no problem with this, and it might make that person more aware of the importance of heeding security warnings.
A26T6O5EFR54A9	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AU8RFC	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1010	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	The people clicking on the links would be used as test subject without consent.  Unfortunately I cant articulate why exactly it makes me uncomfortable	Facebook risks losing the trust of their users. There is an understanding that Facebook won't exploit there users any more than they already do	they should not target the general population with no consent	because these are students of the University where the research is being conducting they have probably signed something that allows the school to do this. It is not targeting the general population. Also the school will disclose the study to the students and allow them to opt out if they wished	the participants are being compensated for their time and for the information they are providing to the researchers even if they don't know the nature of the information	they would be sent to a fake store without their consent				individuals working HITs understand that they are involved in research studies even if they usually don't know the nature of the study
A26TR0OSPEJ9ES	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DTEXN2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A26U55JFAD26NB	3AQF3RZ558JS32ZE1UB9TRDDEYHF67	UnnamedCompany	542	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent								I think it is important to understand these attacks but i am unsure of someone i care for participating.		
A26UGM9V9DY6GG	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ2MWE4	NoAdvertising	287	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A26X8YU9NXMADR	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YXO2FU	WithoutPublication	810	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	I don't think it is a wise idea to allow your computer to be infected with spam. It just does not sound like a good idea at all.	It sounds alright to me, but I am not sure if people who use facebook on a regular basis would be alright with it.	They should be extremely careful in explaining to others that it is just an experiment and nothing more.	It just sounds to risky to me. I don't think its a good idea.	It seems very reasonable to me.	I am not sure if they would be willing to participate in an experiment like this.	I think they would not mind being in a experiment like this.	I think they would go along with it.	I am not entirely sure if a person I cared about would like to be in this experiment.	I don't think they would mind.
A26XNTS7Y5BXEL	37TD41K0AHAQNOD1H5OBMQO2ZMRSCO	InsertPosts	704	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	This is unethical	It's unethical		It's unethical	Again, I think there would be a  better way to accomplish the goal	I think this is illegal or at the most unethical	There are better ways to do this and it is unethical	There are other ways to do this	It's unethical 	I think there would be a better way to do this and the harm might not be worth the benefit
A26Y6N343ZN8E5	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFCZ498	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1031	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	When a person purchases something they want to receive it and how do you not collect the personal information for this.  I think this experiment is to misleading		Yes it is important to understand how we as consumers work as well as how hackers work to keep us safe from them	They are trying to find a way to protect people from phishing attacks and this is ok	Because no harm is coming to the partcipants	I don't know if I like this one and have more questions.  As it stands I would not want someone I care about to participate because they purchase things for a reason and will be very upset if they do not receive no matter what the reason.  If they will still receive the item they are wanting to purchase in a timely manner then I think it will be ok	People respond in a crazy way on social network sites and excluding parts of a friends post to make it look negative will only cause drama in a persons life.  I would not want a person to care about to have this done to them experiment or not.	Since they are not harming anyone's accounts or finances I would be ok if someone I care about participated in this study	There is no harm coming to the participants in this study so I am ok with someone I care about participating.	Because I know what the experiment is and I know that the people I care about are intelligent and will give good input to the researchers
A26ZO6TJWQCSG2	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZZ9ZIM	WithoutImprovingProduct	169	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A270B0LQRJ7MMX	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBY10097	UnnamedCompany	2635	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A271830PNYAI2G	386PBUZZXFYQRPOH7O8WX8N2X14JL5	WithoutPublication	282	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A274NFT93QPBGL	32XVDSJFPZYARB8U0F3JY4GAVU42MX	WithoutPublication	11938	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent							I wouldn't want them to risk being exposed to more negative posts than are already on their page.			
A276OMW5R8NZCE	3VW04L3ZLT7MM3AV2BQLZBQ4F9LXXN	WithoutImprovingProduct	788	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes		Privacy issues with Facebook	If participants type actual passwords, they need to be assured that they are not being collected.	Lots of deception. Could cause relationship harm for participants.	Minimal stress for the participant and any concerns of the participant will be alleviated at the end of the study.	There is not a likely outcome of the experiment as stated in the last line.		As long as the study does not collect passwords then there is no harm in the study.		There is very minimal harm in participating and deception is revealed at the end.
A277IUYX1O1DXW	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BJPJ5I	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A278EWGNNDW2NR	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68BUYWI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	503	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	i don't see the point of doing it dishonestly	facebook does not need to protect anyone's mood	the information gathered could be useful	find a way to do it without passwords		it is dishonest and could infect someone's computer with a virus	facebook is too nosy	it seems safe to participate	it seems like an invasion of privacy	improving effectiveness of security warnings is a good thing
A279T6EUNMUPBC	3GD6L00D3SY32QQYHB35TL653SS1MP	Control	270	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes									It would help the general population if they participate	
A27BKFN6UB1LDP	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA4KYLJ	Twitter	344	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no		Yes, only if they disclose the research to the people that is being done to.					Only if they consent			
A27BUT19WQ6P1O	3LBXNTKX0RWWL7SXZVK7J84M84NX9T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	632	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent					The researchers should have a way to reach every participant and let them know the threat wasn't real as to avoid further anxiety.			The experiment could have potential benefits in teaching participants about possible techniques used to steal their information.		The experiment presents no serious threat.
A27CDKDB7H1L0W	37TD41K0AHAQNOD1H5OBMQO2ZD2SCH	Twitter	487	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		be careful of the importance of the tweets being omitted from the feed								
A27CL8WFLI63Z5	3DIP6YHAPCTN12I6ZYO1VNO48V8E8W	WithoutPublication	1139	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It seems unfair to trick uninformed people.  	Unethical	It doesn't seem as risky or unethical, but I'm wary of studies involving password entry	Too dangerous and an infringement on privacy.	This experiment at least lets people know that they are taking part in an experiment.	I don't ever read my spam and especially don't respond to it.  I try to imagine the type of people who would and can only imagine old people who aren't very tech savy doing it.	Trying to manipulate the emotions of someone using your product without full disclosure is unethical.		I don't think it appropriate that the university would get the passwords, much less verify them.  That is private information that should only be shared after full disclosure.	
A27CWWNU57SEJ4	36PW28KO4ZX1KQBLWW8FREUZYI0AEM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A27DDEPNB48QXB	30OG32W0SUC8495A50DKDKEZXXBNEB	InsertPosts	400	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes		Because you do not want to invade the rights of others by posting information					Because the people I know make generally happy (positive) postings. 			
A27GH5ITK5BMF0	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICBGNRH	UnnamedCompany	5050	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	With all the problems facing the nation and the world, why devote time, resources and thought to spam?  It is what it is.  If it results in a good rate of return in the form of purchases, so what?  If it doesn't, people will stop wasting their effort.	Doing so would be an improper use of the communications available to the researchers.  	This proposed research utilizes fraud and possibly exposes participants' passwords to scrutiny if the researchers are careless or ignorant.	I hate to be so blunt, but this is a stupid idea.  The 'researchers' who concocted this devious strategy are immature, unprofessional, uneducated, cynical and devious.	The risk of inducing potentially life-threatening reactions is too high.	The chief purpose of this proposed study is to provide a training ground for spammers.  Otherwise, it is fraudulent, devious, and filled with risk. I have an idea for a better study: gather a group of students, tell them that as part of 'research' you are going to point a gun at them and pull the trigger.  Tell them that monitors have maintained 'sufficient control' so that the guns are unloaded.  If anyone consents to the study, point the gun and pull the trigger. The result? 	A social network is a place to communicate with others, with emphasis on the word 'communicate.'  Using it for any other purpose, whether scientific, political or social, or any other type of research, is improper and should not be allowed.  There should be no analysis whatsoever of communications, with the possible exception of length.	Deception is fraud.  Research based on fraud is potentially harmful to participants.  Enough said.	This amounts to victimization of participants without their consent or awareness.  That is unethical and should be illegal.  The university's complicity in this fraudulent project is horrendous.  What if the researchers are actually seeking to victimize the university by gaining access to password files?	Such deception could cause, and will cause for a certain portion of participants, a needless emotional reaction ranging from anger to fear and even panic.  That is unacceptable.  For the tactic to be revealed as a hoax after the fact is irrelevant and may even exacerbate the negative emotional responses mentioned above.  People who are under financial stress, have health issues,are coping with severe life conditions,or who have other issues that render them unusually vulnerable to emotional volatility, should never be made to experience artificial anxiety or other emotions that could trigger unexpected reactions.
A27IABVBUZ9X8Z	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DGQLNQP	WithoutImprovingProduct	996	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Not without proper consent. Also, if consent is given, the user should immediately be taken to a secure site that explains what is happening as soon as they attempt to buy the product.	This is an invasion of privacy, and worse, could affect someone psychologically in a negative manner.	Their reasoning is valid, and the research is worthwhile.	This is an abuse of Facebook and more importantly, the university's system. Passwords in the university system should not be compromised for any reason, including research, unless everyone was aware and consented prior to using the system.	Participants are willing, and no harm is being done. Rather, it will help them as well as others.	It appears that the people responding are unaware that they are involved in a study. Consent is required. 	This is an abuse of Facebook, and must violate the TOS. To exclude posts from a form of communication  such as Facebook is no different than deleting a persons voicemail. Wrong on so many levels.	The topic is important, and knowing beforehand would skew results. As long as the researcher is reputable, I see no problem.	This use of Facebook is inappropriate. 	This is a reasonable way to study the effect of warnings and make them more effective.
A27LRCJ71QJ770	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZB10GCB	NoAdvertising	727	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes						I feel like this is the type of thing that is too risky and and that the people involved should be completely informed. 	No, because it is interrupting the service facebook provides, and it is not something the test subjects will know about. 			I think that there would be no harm to someone involved in this experiment, as long as it was explained at the end. 
A27LYPGZFHNUN	3ON104KXQKXGZ1HV8VSU0HFZDJH4W7	WithoutPublication	572	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A27PVIL93ZMY46	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YOLREC	UnnamedCompany	537	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A27RS192S3Q5EW	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ3FZ6J	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	635	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I believe it is a worthy experiment and nobody is harmed in any way	It is a harmless experiment	The more people know about a problem like this, the more likely it is to eliminate the problem	The experiment may end up reducing unwanted emails in the long run	It is a good idea to study how to make computers safer for people	It is harmless to the participant	 have no problems with this harmless experiment	this is another problem that needs to be studied	nobody will be harmed and it is a worthwhile experiment	the study is harmless and serves a purpose for the greater good
A27SHVSNUDE7LG	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZ669W9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1207	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	I feel like the whole experiment violates privacy and manipulates the subjects choices in a dishonest manner. 		While the intentions of this study may be good, it is still borderline very personally intrusive.  	There are going to be people who try to obtain this information no matter what kind of security is put in place. By trying to outsmart the bad guy you are really just as guilty of privacy violations as the "hackers or phishers" 	I believe the researchers should be allowed to go through with this experiment. The results will be very beneficial in progression of security. 	With the computer being infected with software that seems like a huge violation of privacy. Also with the redirection of websites I feel like that is very invasive and misleading. 			Huge violation of privacy. 	The experiment does not harm the subject in anyway and although it is misleading the information obtained is very valuable.
A27TW2W6U2CHBA	3CPLWGV3MO0R9DETXPXYL6DO6ZNN9R	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	467	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A27VWYGK7AIK1B	3RUIQRXJBBPWMFCHA9K9DN0U1T4LLA	WithoutPublication	908	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	yes	no	no	I just think we people get enough annoying spam emails and advertisements that we do not need anyone messing with us in an experiment.	I want to see my real friends' posts and Facebook should not be the place for an experiment.	I just feel that it is nasty to put a bunch of bad mood posts in a row on someone's Home page.  Why put someone through that?  They might quit Facebook because of the test!	It seems very deceitful and you can get all sorts of personal information.  I also think a university could be sued for giving out private information and would never agree to do this, so you should try something else.	I really don't know.  I don't want them to, but perhaps this is the only way they can test the different types.  I think you should ask us Turkers which security warning we think will be the best instead!	My problem is, I don't understand if it will affect their own computer.  I still think it will waste their own time and their time is valuable.  	I think anyone I know can handle some negative posts and they may even post more positive things in order to try to bring the mood up.	Even though I don't like the idea of the experiment, I think my friends could handle it and might even put happy thoughts to counter the negative thoughts.	I don't think a university web site should ever be used.  Getting someone's personal information in pretense is not cool.	They would probably try to fix their computers because of the security warning, and maybe spend money on it or screw up their computer trying to fix it.
A27Y441WSBIXM6	3BC8WZX3V3XISB27KDE1LBISDC8RRK	NoAdvertising	272	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A27YJ0L7WMD5G4	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZBG9WT	WithoutImprovingProduct	267	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I mean these researches are made for a reason if one person does not except it then someone else would.								
A282X9OKY6RXFS	3PIWWX1FJJ7KWZ0H43WJHTAATJJJJ1	Twitter	703	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent			I would be wary of a study like this because of the potential of the passwords actually getting stolen. The researches should provide as much information about their study to the participants so they know where this information is going and being used for.			I would be concerned about the safety of their information and 			I would want them to be aware of this danger and to be cautious when they receive such emails	
A285XBLH2KD8SA	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RX98JMR	WithoutImprovingProduct	332	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent			It is an important study.							
A2876JQF99CX0D	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHGEUMZ2	WithoutImprovingProduct	480	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes						I wouldn't want people I cared about to get in a habit of opening spam emails due to the fact that they could have their information compromised.			I don't like the idea of having their data collected	
A2876PDYI7N1Q7	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7V3C9S	WithoutImprovingProduct	423	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A288R2100LYMIN	3HOSI13XHZPUQR0XKBOXBXKKJ7SDDQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	298	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A288WFF7IT9QNX	3HHRAGRYX869RYE5Y4XB0VDTWC79OD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It may backfire if the spammers find out. Their computer could be hacked or get viruses. 					I think it could help in learning more about spamming.			This study could make people be more aware of phishing. It could make people be more careful in following links. 	
A28BNMIMVUUB1S	333U7HK6I9G7TD0PU7A8EVFXOW9JD4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	533	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent	if your doing it to yourself its ok	its for facebook	it s not good	its wrong	i dunno	its up to  them	because it wont hurt them and no one will know who they are	because its their information and dont trust it	its not right	its not a big deal
A28CFZOKLSV2JA	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8TBIBH	WithoutImprovingProduct	1848	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	again do not take them to a mirror site that is altered.  Take them to a site that explains what just happened.	if they want to post things themselves and alter their own posts that we see I am fine with that.  Not the posts I see from my people	If we can slow the hackers down and educate our weak... so be it.	again no harm done at the end of the day	I think that we need to know how people respond to warnings	While I agree that we need to understand the information being collected I do not think that it should go that far.  May direct them to a website that explain they were being scammed by a spammer.	I would not like them manipulating anyone's actual feed	I don't think that any harm will be done and It is for the greater good.	no harm and it may teach them to be more careful	No harm done, I think that this is fine and would not be upset
A28CZ3YYL41JAZ	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XXX9T1X	WithoutPublication	392	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		THis kind of psychology is tough to determine	There is no harm adn this kind of research is necessary for better security			I'm afraid that the hackerrs would catch wind of this figure out how to maliciously alter this study		There is harm in doing the experiement and they might learn to be more careful	I'm not sure that this mimics actual phishing attacks	This reaction to security messages is a good way to test security protocols.  Im for it
A28EM9NRF6EMGD	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUMOQHB	Twitter	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			It will be more of a lesson to both the participant and the researchers.		As long as there is no real danger.					
A28GQ44QN9DIH1	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOXZND71	Twitter	606	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	I don't think the researchers should endanger people	Yes if people are willing to participate	Yes, it's important to have the research done so we can become more knowledgeable about hackers attempts to steal passwords. 	It crosses a fine line between research and taking advantage of people's willingness to earn $1	I think that researchers should be very careful how they approach this task because people are very wary of computer security.	Does not sound safe!	Sounds like a harmless study	I think it will greatly help research and the more people who are able to help, the more that should.	I think it might be a little dangerous to have someone sent emails with the intent to steal their password. You can't really trust anyone on the internet, regardless of their purpose for this experiment.	This seems like a good way to measure security.
A28HO6741JL174	33PPO7FECVGBY2GJCPP82U0XBG9DI9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	797	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	It needs to be studied so it can be stopped in the future.	It would be interesting to know the answer. 	Yes, but make sure the passwords obtained are permanently deleted or securely stored. 	I feel it would be more effective to simply send an email to educate people about phishing. 	It would give valuable real world information that would be helpful. 	I would not want to risk them giving out personal information or having personal information illegally taken from their computer. 	I don't see why not. Their identity will remain anonymous so there is really no risk. 	That password might be used for other accounts and if that would get out on accident there would be some real risk for the participant. 	I feel there is too much personal information revealed here. 	Yes, because there is no real risk for the participant. 
A28JRW1XS04BUF	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUPAZB9G	NoAdvertising	2001	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent				Unless the issues raised in my last answer are addressed, then no, the researchers should not be allowed to proceed.		I don't fully understand how this experiment works, but i don't like the idea of participants not being told that they have been part of the study and not given the opportunity to opt-out of the research. It doesn't sound entirely legal.	I don't fully understand how this experiment works from the description, but it sounds really sketchy and the logic behind it is pretty stupid. If there were a more intelligent reason why this experiment is at all necessary, then maybe I'd have a different opinion. 	This sounds like an ok experiment. As long as the participants are told at the end that they are part of an experiment, and as long as they are told before submitting their HIT and having their data recorded, then it doesn't matter to me who participates.	It depends on the laws governing university research of unknowing students and if, when students register with the school are they informed that they may be used as research participants without their knowledge? Only if students are clearly told that they may be involved in university research experiments while attending university, then definitely I would not want anyone I know to be included. 	This sounds fairly ethical and there's no risk to the participants of their information being used for any negative purposes, so I don't have any feelings over who participates. 
A28K6KCCGMJ96B	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYL75H9	WithoutPublication	6092	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		People would be upset and possibly think they were still being decieved.	People could be really upset about the deception and feel like their still being deceived after about their information being stolen.	I think it's important for results. 			If I was previously notified. 		Yes. As there is no actual harm being done.	
A28LNN5WXD76CE	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGAL67H	InsertPosts	1218	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	If they find willing volunteers, sure. No one should be forced or coerced into taking part in this experiment. 					No. I would not want somone I cared about the take place in this experiment. It is dangerous to allow others to view your computer information. 				
A28N4YR1LYTKOC	3FIUS151DV30EVKFORQDN3QE9VWGGT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	824	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes				same reasons as abobe				Because it is for the better good	Seems to violate privacy rights (such as using Facebook friends)	Because there is no real security risks
A28O5QZ1CPKHWX	3NGI5ARFTT69NTNB9RVXAP008TAP18	WithoutPublication	1235	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes		Its a useful experiment to see how people emotions and attitudes can be influenced. 					I think it would be a cool project to participate in. 			
A28Q19NTTP0UIQ	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRPJB1X	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	287	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	There is no consent given	They never got consent.			They never got consent	I see no reason to be a part of this type of expreiment				
A28QO9D5XKSMU0	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2JAPJU	NoAdvertising	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent		It does not seem harmful in any way. 	It is a bit unfair to trick people like this, even for research. It could be misinterpreted. 	It seems too tricky. 					Too much personal information accessed. 	
A28QXO71D8O9WV	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIENPYG4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	5508	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		Facebook is not worth studying.		They will be dealing with actual passwords.					Learn a valuable lesson.	
A28T8M1DBYTUQA	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BE9J5S	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	367	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A28THWK5IO1YOP	3DY4FPOOA1PALIJOTXJBM87VYJQRVK	Twitter	456	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		I don't think it's right to toy with people's emotions.	I think this is OK, but they definitely should NOT be collecting passwords.	I don't think it's OK to impersonate other people in this way.		I don't think this is even legal.	I don't think that it's OK to toy with people's emotions like this.	I think people are often clueless about cyber security.  Being a part of this research as explained above could give people a warning to adjust their behaviors BEFORE a bad person tries to steal their info.	I don't think it's OK to impersonate other people in this way.	This is similar to scenario 1 and I believe this could really help people development cyber security awareness.
A28U3VW3KVXCFG	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVFBS1P	Control	151	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A28UP194FP01WX	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETVPMSK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	563	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	So long as the researchers have a solid website that cannot receive any information from a subject, and that the infected computer cannot harm the subject's computer(s), I think this is okay.	Sure, it doesn't hurt anyone and there's no risk involved in doing it.r	There is no risk involved with this particular study. Their information isn't in danger of being used by those performing the research.	It's a control group - why not?	So long as there is absolutely no risk to the subjects, this can definitely shed some light on how those unaware use the internet and how compromised their security might be.	Again, it's necessary that every know and understand how phishing and scams work, and what they look like, so no one should ever avoid these types of studies.	Facebook has no real bearing on every day life and not everyone uses the website. I wouldn't see the value in the results.		To understand how trusting we can be and how vulnerable anyone on the internet is.	This may also raise awareness to security risks to those who are unaware.
A28V5XY8A0R6Q5	34V1S5K3GS2J2S81Y8BHJVR2B0S96F	Twitter	1053	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	As though it were conducted as described, without participants information being obtained.	I'd need to know the benefits to the experiment before agreeing to it.	It would help computer users be safer.	I see no benefit of this experiment.	I doubt there's any beneficial information to be learned from this experiment.	This sounds like a good experiment.  Hopefully it would result in less spamming and not more!  I'd have no problem if I learned I were a participant.	I don't see any value in learning the happy/sad state of twitter posters.	This experiment appears to have beneficial value in that it could teach people what types of emails are dangerous to the security of their computers	Either I'm not understaning it or at least to me it doesn't appear to be anything gained that could result in phishing less.	I dont think the way a security message is received is going to vary in the manner it's percieved.  A security warning is heeded pretty much the same regardless of how its delivered.
A28XHJ8GXSWQUO	3TGOYF991XN2OVM5S14BVXSWRAHUUW	NoAdvertising	974	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	People are not to be experimented on without their knowledge.	Where would they draw the line?	Because they are willing participants helping with research.	If you allow this, where does it stop?	That's the purpose of research. To get a valid response not the one people think they should give.	As much as I hate spammers, this is a slippery slope the researchers are treading.	It is unethical to experiment on people without their knowledge.	They are willing participants involved in a known HIT.  	It's unethical to involve people in an experiment without their knowledge, even if no actual harm comes to them.	The participants are aware that they are involved in a HIT, so it's not like they are being tricked.  Anyone who has participated in research knows that what is being asked of them is almost always not what is being measured.
A28Z1U4DXAYPOF	336KAV9KYQTALSX8JIRUSZ3H4C8Y2P	WithoutImprovingProduct	537	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A28ZMHIFG43WGG	3N2BF7Y2VQVE61BCJ06QL8MCKG3MHM	WithoutPublication	1234	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Always use caution when dealing with unsuspecting participants.	It seems OK, but when you are dealing with people posting some things that may be personal, care should be taken to people's privacy, safety, and security.	Again caution when dealing with personal information. Must take a lot of caution with this.	I'm for the good of studies but very cautious about gaining people's real passwords. Really undecided about this.		Doesn't seem as if there is any harm being done to anyone. It's being done on the researchers computer.	The results of the study would be interesting. I wouldn't mind because there is really no harm being done. Nothing is being changed just eliminated.	Says information will not really be collected, stolen, or stored. Only for the purpose of research.	I say yes only if this is the only way to collect data for this type of study but I am hesitant and think that researchers should explore another way if possible.	there doesn't seem like any harm is being done to participants.
A2921STYHN3C8F	3UWN2HHPUY69ESAS6VXP21IEYI3SNO	NoAdvertising	1453	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	This experiment involves the collection of individuals personal financial information.  The potential for misuse is not great.	There is a possibility that the information could be used to, influence people using FaceBook.	The potential to misuse the information collected is high and needs to be closely monitored.	Not as structured, they should not be given access to the university's system to verify the passwords.	This test does not put the users at risk.	Too much potential for misuse of credit card information and indication that the users will ever be informed that they attempted to make an invalid  purchase.	Because there is no indication if the excluded posts will be eventually sent to the individual or just lost forever.  If the posts where eventually delivered, then I might consider saying yes.	if individuals are taking the proper precautions when using the Internet, then it will not matter if this is a real hack or and experiment. 	- Impersonating friends causes potential problem between the individual and these friends.\r\n- The researchers are asking to actually use the passwords they get and want access to the university's password verification system.  There is too much risk with this study.	If they take proper precautions when using their computers, it will not matter if this is a test or not.
A29684SVO9DBMH	3ZDAD0O1T1EF5M1BX1POA85Y2BOTXN	WithoutPublication	887	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent		This is a violation of trust and common sense.	This would cause a lot of anxiety and mistrust about whether the passwords were recorded or not, even if they were actually not recorded.	It seems a little bit shady to manipulate and deceive students, as well as impersonate.	I see no problem with this.					
A298ZDGYSPP6YR	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3PI0N5	UnnamedCompany	537	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A29AZS3NL2JBCD	3GNA64GUZE5TBNP9ARCYDK3RPFXQ5Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	641	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	they need to make sure that no personal information gets leaked.	Its not to save the world, but it is an interesting study.	as long as these researchers are legit and don't use the passwords for harm than yes.			if the research isn't hurting anyone than I don't see a problem with it.	I don't see any harm in the study.	again, as long as no one is being harmed by this study there is no reason why the research cant be conducted.	it can help us all be aware about these types of emails.  especially the younger students.	it would be nice to see how these types of security warnings effect people. No harm in the study.
A29DSCOV432ZCW	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCADCN0	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	739	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes									I would hope they would not enter their password, but if they did, it would be better to learn not to do so in a study. 	
A29E5U8FJF89UC	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KUOSET	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	549	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	they should have to stop the scammers once they're done with their data	do people get warned or debriefed?	doesn't seem ethical		Doesn't sound very risky, and a good debriefing at the end seems adequate	they're being scammed	I have depressed family members who don't need to be made more depressed	doesn't seeem ethical		Good opportunity to advance science
A29EC11IRGDBW6	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F54L2QM	UnnamedCompany	452	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	As with most of these, it seems to invasive but if the purpose is to help prevent spam, then it could be useful. 	It seems too invasive.	Too invasive.	This seems way too invasive, with passwords and phishing being involved.	I can understand the reasoning behind this study and I don't have much of a problem with this. 					
A29EL77Y1V21Q7	3IQ1VMJRYTLKPUK4OLSTZ0TO7N6A92	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	524	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	This would result in good data. They should do it. 	Sounds fine. 	Sounds risky. 	Ensure that the data they collect doesn't get into the wrong hands. 	The data would be useful. 	Sounds like it won't hurt anyone	I want happiness to spread to others and if this easy experiment works, than great!		If the user falls for the tricks, it's their own fault.	I fell they need to get data like this, but unsure if I'd want someone to participate. 
A29FEBMJ1YH1YD	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRM4CTEB	UnnamedCompany	329	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A29JGMRXUDDEFX	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7R4R91	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	877	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent		This seems to violate research principles of having some benefit to the population being studied.	Significant benefit to users (helping them recognize poor password etiquette) and to the general public (learning how to protect against password attacks).	Significant benefit to both the students (in awareness of how phishing attacks occur) and the general public (learning ways to combat phishing).	If they are not actually creating a security risk, they may go forward, but should be aware that getting good data may be difficult when individuals abandon the HIT or complain about the survey.	Whether or not someone is involved in the experiment does not seem to change the behavior they are exhibiting. The experiment just seems to change the outcome of their behavior, for the better (not buying items linked to spam)	I do not like the idea of someone's mood being altered without their knowledge.			No real security risk involved, but the person might not like it.
A29M6599UST2FU	3MHW492WW0EJO26WOPNU09DLSS3MVV	NoAdvertising	404	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They may not have the technical knowledge to ensure the computer isn't really compromised.	It could mess with an emotionally unstable person's head	They should make sure the experiment is controlled enough to make sure nothing bad happens as a result, 	They should make sure no one is at risk	Sounds like a reasonable experiment. 		It would be their decision to make. 			
A29NIAUTS5I5I7	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D16V3LU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A29PB2C8XD8TVG	3U088ZLJVKUZ0DZUPU5SOEPMW0D0WL	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	510	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A29S7QM3PRRO21	3O6CYIULED2FGZBAN1JCDLDTCOHWUI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	300	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	This seems like an invasion of privacy. 	They shouldn't be able to affect someone's facebook news feed or get access to their statuses. 		I don't think they should be allowed access to anyone's passwords. 	This seems much more acceptable than the previous scenarios. 				I'd rather not have someone I care about possibly divulge their password online. 	
A29XL6EF65TG9T	3PWWM24LHSZV6M6Q6ET0TMFFBSQ82W	InsertPosts	676	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too much risk to non consenting third parties.	It is unethical and emotionally manipulative without users consent.	as long as they are vetted, and the information gahtered not stored and it is safeguarded, then yes.	The experiment will return valuable data, and make the students more secure.	Assuming no real threats are presented to the participants. 	Too much potential for the researchers to loose control of the experiment; it assumes they are more savvy then the spammers.	Facebook is a way people stay in touch, this is akin to inserting false info or manipulates into ones phone conversations.	It is valuable research, and no harm will come to them from participating	No real harm is done, and it will teach them to be more aware of threats.	No real harm is done nor is their the potential of it in this research.
A29YW1C0HJ4534	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICPJNRC	NoAdvertising	784	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	There is no consent provided by pts. 	Some people take Facebook rather seriously. There will be a lot of negative feedback assuming that the researchers are "hacking" their feeds or hiding "important posts." 	Again, people will be doubtful. Especially using hacker techniques, it will seem particularly shady. 	Again, confidential information is password protected on university systems. 	No one is ever fully trusting of those types of messages. Moreover, people are wary of security risks on their computers. 	Simply, spam mail is annoying. I don't see a purpose in the survey and I'm assuming that the person will be more of a victim than they will a pt. Moreover, there is no consent form. So, it's kind of unethical.	I would be supportive of them either way. If their posts are more negative, oh well. That doesn't mean that their general disposition will be more negative. Facebook is not life. 	A lot of my friends are concerned with internet safety. Although researchers say that the pts information is not saved, no one can ever be too safe. 	Nope. There is a lot of confidential information located on school databases that are student protected. Compromising that information is unwise. Plus, almost EVERY school has some type of campaign wherein they stress not sharing passwords-- why would the university sponsor this type of study. 	I feel that the results of this study would be useful for computer security researchers. 
A29Z7CCK4KBCRU	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P557H4J68	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	439	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A29ZS28S4YZNP	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPIGYZ0	Twitter	218	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A2A21KGB2QO22X	31QNSG6A5RU2SN3WCQAVPDWNMEP871	WithoutImprovingProduct	440	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no					It is deceitful and could cause mental trauma to one who receives a message.					
A2A25VDKCEHHHN	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ41FFM6	Control	718	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no										
A2A27TLFWKDXUW	3PDJHANYK5HCHYQKWKZ9WCPQUEL6HP	InsertPosts	2633	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	The experiment is unethical	The research isn't intrinsically unethical so long as people whose feeds are being manipulated have agreed to having this done.  	No, I consider the experiment unethical.	I think the deception crosses the line ethically.	The research is useful and the experiment describe is not ethically problematic.	The participants didn't agree to take part in the experiment.	I don't consider it facebooks job to protect the moods of it's users.	The experiment deceives people who never agreed to participate.	The people being experimented on did not agree to participate in an experiment.  I find that unacceptable.	I dont see anything unethical in the experiment.  The deception is fully explained at the end of the experiment.  That's widely accepted as an ethical use of deception in experiments.
A2A5HAPJD18TRU	3TPZPLC3M0D5XW1QWV9GYIFX6FKP30	InsertPosts	511	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes				You wouldn't want to upset the people participating	The warning has to be presented in such a way that participants don't immediately shut down the program and think their computers are bugged		If they don't know they are being studied, this could actually mess with their emotions and effect their mood in a negative way	this could be a valuable lesson 	This seems like something that could make someone more aware and cautious about phishing	This seems harmless and could be helpful in the long run
A2A67GL17KF93G	3I7DHKZYGN1WKYZ0WB141LZDI7F5FY	Twitter	527	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no				passwords are personal.					Sounds dishonest.	
A2A8GX1LGLXFT5	3IO1LGZLK9YJONPRTG53JZWRR3E689	Twitter	346	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A2A8HRBDYBV6XJ	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D13ML3X	InsertPosts	8661	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	it is too dangerous.	the research is for scientific purposes and is in no way harmful, there is no reason not to participate in it if there is no harm.	It is too risky and can jeopardize someones security even if the data isnt being stored.	The experiment is risky but should be permitted with caution and awareness.	This task is dangerous and complicated. I believe that the study should be permitted with caution.	It puts security at risk and should not be permitted because of the possible dangers.	I would have someone that I know participate in this project because it is useful information and is in no way harmful to the participants.	This is an invasion of privacy and puts security of the participants at risk, it should not be permitted.	It should not be permitted because it is still an invasion of privacy and also puts peoples security at risk. If the experiment is to happen, the participants should be informed about the test first.	It is a violation of privacy and it can jeopardize security of that person. It can be harmful.
A2A9JD9UV8DQZX	3CPLWGV3MO0R9DETXPXYL6DO6QZ9N7	Control	9878	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent										
A2AAMUF2J8S2Q9	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKBBQY6	InsertPosts	265	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes										
A2ADEPVGNNXNPA	3IAEQB9FMELTZX0O16TN3L95QOTDWW	Control	584	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							not enough info			seems OK
A2AGQGMZVSZVUJ	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7J4RLD	NoAdvertising	1163	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes		They need to get consent and offer monetary compensation.					Since the user didn't consent in the first place, no.	I understand deception if necessary sometimes, but stealing passwords is serious to some people.	People should give consent.	
A2AKCE474RWYWZ	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAG80JI3	NoAdvertising	780	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		Maybe with a group of people that knowingly sign up for it, but do not know when the experiment will actually be conducted.					A lot of my friends all have a bond through mental illness, I think something like this done to someone that is currently unstable can lead to something the researchers did not intend for, causing someone pain.	It is not that I have no preference, I am torn. I see a lot of positive and negative effects from this kind of hit.		
A2ALDZVPEAQW62	3VNXK88KKCJ4HIN2ZGJPVN71SYPV98	UnnamedCompany	1338	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	It is unlikely to be revealing since the response rate to SPAM is tiny (I hope!).	No consent was obtained for the experiment.		Consent should be obtained previously, which is impossible.	This experiment seems to be more ethical.		The exact scenario was just recently revealed to have been carried out by Facebook.	It is educational and may help prevent a future problem.	It is similar to the Facebook case.	
A2ALWT2BUSXD83	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUMQE1U	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	671	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			Mturk users are generally quite a bit more technologically advanced than your average group of people who would normally fall for a "hacking attempt." You would receive unreliable results. Also, users do anything asked of them to complete the hit. If there was no way to avoid diverging a password to complete the hit, the study would be void.		This would have to be done very carefully. I know if I personally ran across a hit that led me to a security warning I would return the hit immediately and close the web page. Again, Mturk users also tend to be more technologically advanced than your average person as well, potentially skewing the results of this study. 	These people would expect an item that they never receive. I assume they would be given some kind of fake error message telling them that their order could not go through. In this case, I would be fine with someone I know participating.		There is no real danger to the person.	AS long as there is no real danger to the person, I wouldn't mind. 	No real danger to the person.
A2AOGI9Y7KFF1P	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7PLC9Y	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2AQTPJLFO1BBT	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEN1GYY	Twitter	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	sure we all hate spam and anything to help get less of it can not hurt.		to help people keep there password secure.	yes to help get the word out to not trust thing you get in your email.	is a good way to see how people act in a computer threat situation					
A2ASJ41RBJA0E5	33PPO7FECVGBY2GJCPP82U0XBDWIDV	Twitter	687	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	I feel like that is dangerous and you could possibly get into a scenario where the researchers thought they had things under control but one mistake may send people to the actual spam site.	Twitter is allowed to do what they want on their own site. Every social media site uses algorithms.	All it takes is one person abusing the power during the study to actually steal somebody's information. The data/passwords collected after should be destroyed.	The study has good intentions but studies should be opt-in.	As long as there is no real threat I don't see the problem.	I feel like that is dangerous and you could possibly get into a scenario where the researchers thought they had things under control but one mistake may send people to the actual spam site.	I don't think this is a big deal.	If somebody was doing things to put them at risk, I would want them to find out about it and correct their action. This would be a safe way to do it.	I don't like that there is no choice on whether to participate.	If it doesn't hurt them, it would be up to them if they wanted to participate.
A2AUW1IKRVVY5Z	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFHD49W	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	708	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent					The only way researchers will find out anything is do experiments.					To every risk there is a downfall of effects.
A2AV7RLLF25KG	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6CWM7C0	InsertPosts	247	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A2AYDTDFUG5VM9	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUJOHQW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	863	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It sounds like a great idea.	Be careful not to traumatize people.	Checks should be in place to protect user information and passwords.	An independent auditor should confirm the security of the information that students enter. Researchers should never learn the students' passwords. Only confirmation that the one that was entered was valid. Use Md5 encryption to protect student input.	This study could open users' eyes to the dangers on the internet.	This experiment sounds very interesting. Having good data like your study describes could be very valuable in understanding how illegal spam operations work.	This is an interesting psychological question. It could help correlate human behavior online with that found in the offline world.	It is better for them to find out about threats in a study were it is safe than in the real world.	It is better for someone to learn about the dangers of phishing through a study than to experience in the real world. Perhaps the users will be taught a lesson!	People need to learn about security warnings. I have found that too many of today's users are non-nonchalant about security.
A2AZMTZISHIX2C	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD2D8JI	NoAdvertising	961	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	the implementation is unsound.	It could produce insight into social media usage.	It's valuable data.				I don't use facebook much.	thheir participation is their decision.		
A2B0B9UKYSSYJ8	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYON5HV	NoAdvertising	509	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes				The researchers need to be careful with the passwords and delete them					This is for the greater good, we need to know these statistics.	
A2B174L2NZTR38	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28CXGFN	WithoutImprovingProduct	856	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Could help fight spam	Maybe if people opted into being experimented upon other then some text buried in some TOS then it'd be okey.	Ought teach people something about their passwords.	Sure, seems only some good will come of it.	Sure, making computers safer for everyone seems like a good idea.	It'd be better for them to get this faked spam site that goto the real one.	I think it's duh that people are affected by other people. Running an expairiment like this without any gain to the person seems very lame.	Teach about securing passwords, and learn how to prevent attacks on others.	It would be a way  of teaching the participant not to fall for phishing attacks with out it costing them anything but pride, and some research would occur.	Might teach them about computer security, and get some data about how to protect others.
A2B5S2VPDTGB83	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPYCE03K	WithoutImprovingProduct	580	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A2B9G2GP3YMKIE	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYA7RD2	NoAdvertising	421	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	why not if people don't care	doesn't hurt anyone		doesn't hurt anyone	It doesn't really hurt anyone	I wouldn't want anyones computer to be infected.	Doesn't really affect anybody	doesn't really affect anyone	doesn't hurt anyone	I have no problem with this experiment.
A2B9MDYMXHGJSJ	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX8ISGL	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	533	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no		The research is not really hurting anyone involved, but I don't know all the details involved.		The researchers are purposely trying to do something morally wrong to students, which I don't feel is right.		It feels like an invasion of privacy.	I don't use facebook so I really don't have any preference.	It's wrong because you don't know if that researcher is going to steal your information or not.	It feels like an invasion of privacy, the people are being "tricked" into being a part of research.	
A2BA25TH12RWFU	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IRZHOO6	InsertPosts	892	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think this would just frustrate the potential consumers, and interfere (however slightly) with the income of the spammers' email.	I don't think it's ethical to manipulate people into feeling more depressed than they already might be without being aware of being in an experiment.	Still might be frightening for users to participate without prior knowledge.		Some unwitting participants may take measures against their computers if they think they've run into a virus.	They would be frustrated at not being able to make the purchase, and possibly seek out the actual website.	Too many of my friends already suffer from depression - I wouldn't want anyone pushed any further.	Everything is explained afterwards, and while the users might feel tricked, no passwords would actually have been stolen.	It might teach them to be more careful with their information.	
A2BCTW06K350MI	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGWBAYB	NoAdvertising	288	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				It's dangerous to work with live passwords. Ideally, they would have secure systems, and time the study so that it is before a mandatory password reset for the entire student body.		Spammers are bad. And their systems can be difficult to fix. If it is done by researchers in a lab setting, it would be all right. 				
A2BCXZKY9Y7BF6	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQBHWEH	WithoutPublication	378	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no				I think it would be a prime example as to why students should be much more careful with their information.	I think researchers should be allowed to proceed, but let somebody close to the participant know what is going on, just in case it goes too far, because I would not want anybody to get themselves in real danger.	It can help them learn how to safeguard their computers from hackers.			I would allow some of my friends to participate because they are very careless with information, and it would benefit them to have a real scare like this happen.	I would not want them to participate because they may develop health issues due to the anxiety that they will encounter from the security issues.
A2BEJ2WMMTYYST	3U5NZHP4LR3KR48PBGYI2CG7PJLPHO	NoAdvertising	737	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I do not see anything alarming about it	as long as they do infringe rights or privacy					It is up to them I do not think any harm would come from it			
A2BERSBTHBGR6E	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EE8K2H3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	315	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	This research would not be ethical.  The participants needs to be notified.		It's not ethical.	It's not ethical.						
A2BG7PXTYM42UI	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASSELEQ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I'm pretty sure the users have to be notified that they are in a study 		You want to make sure you don't violate any ethical codes. 	This could possibly be violation of privacy 	Again, make sure there is no violation of ethical codes					
A2BGNMAFDLSZDH	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AQZY3R	Control	311	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	there is no reason not to 					there is no harm				
A2BHCI86OFQK5E	3L0KT67Y8EH3QRE6DX60JHGL213YSE	WithoutImprovingProduct	1111	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	As long as the results are anonymized and stored securely.	This study has no foreseeable value.	I am not sure this is the best solution for studying password hacking.	This study's aim is to measure how often people fall for phishing, not to try to stop phishing.	The risks seem minimal.	As long as it is anonymized, I think it would be alright.	It is really irritating to have your Facebook feed excluding posts randomly, so they should not be doing that for anyone.	People can be taught not to be careful with passwords without being deceived.	I don't feel it's important to understand how often users fall victim to phishing, so I would not want someone I knew to be used in this manner.	It sounds like the people participating are aware that they are participating.
A2BHQB9BAFEXG5	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DTCXN0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	901	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	I would be interested in the results of this study. I have never personally bought something from a spam email.	I believe they should be allowed to proceed and I'd guess that the results would be that most people would tend to be more positive.	I think it would be a worthy experiment, I'm just not sure I'd want someone I know participating.	As I mentioned above, I believe this experiment could double as a good teaching moment for students.	I don't see any real risk involved to any of the participants in this type of study.	I don't see the problem with this as they will be visiting the spam store anyways. Since the purchase won't be allowed in the experiment, it doesn't seem like there is any harm to them.	I don't see the harm in this study. I would be interested in the results.	No. Regardless of whether it was a scientific study or not. I would not fully trust the researchers with their password and other sensitive information.	I have mixed feelings. On one hand, I would trust the study if it was sanctioned by the university.  a lot of the students may receive phishing emails anyways. This could be a teaching moment as well as an experiment.	I don't see any real risk or threat to the participant.
A2BHTJ5KP5UAXY	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYMTBYK	Control	542	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A2BJR1406LLC5S	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QADLYL2	Control	261	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	The researchers must protect people's computers and personal info, but if they do that, they should certainly do the experiment.					It seems like the experiment is safe enough, and having the knowledge about spam emails would be useful.				
A2BK9RMC0NOIH8	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z1VN9LT	Control	677	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A2BKB1ARTRNQGS	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FGNM4G	WithoutImprovingProduct	708	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think the outcome of the study is important, but people are being tricked at a pretty high level to achieve the outcome.	I don't think this is an ethical study and I don't even think the outcome is super important...	I mean, nobody likes to be tricked about what is being studied. However, this could help them in the long run, and it wouldn't be the first time a tactic like this was used, and no actual harm would be caused by the study.	The outcome of this study is important, but the participants are being tricked at a pretty high level.	I think the participants are willingly choosing to take part in the study, even if they don't know the actual purpose of the study, and they aren't being exposed to anything bad, and the outcome of this study is important.	They probably would not be happy to know they were being studied without their knowledge.	I do not think this is an ethical way to study. and I would not want someone I know to be used this way.	I think it's a perfectly valid study. I don't really much care if someone I know participated in the study or not.	The participants are being tricked into participating.	If the person is willingly taking part in the HIT, then I don't really see a problem with this.
A2BKB41MFMPK0X	3KAKFY4PGU3DGAEMJ0JWPLELK4AI38	UnnamedCompany	1297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	The lies and tricks are too extensive to allow this research program to proceed.	This would be a violation of people trust in the system.	I think this within the range of allowed research, but there must be safeguards.	This breaks the security of the student and the university computing system. It should not be allowed on security reasons alone.	I see no problem as the participants are not being lied to.	The participant is being lied to and allowed to buy from a fake store that will not send them an item. This is wrong in many ways. What if the person really needs the item. Not every spam is everyone's spam.	Editing of posts is something a person should have the right to expect to NOT happen.	While tricking people should not be done, where there are guards, like in the experiment, I think it is ok, but only for serious research.	The combination of a phishing attack with checking using the University computer system to check passwords is allowing the researchers too deep an access into the students life.	The participants are not being tricked by false information, so it should be ok.
A2BKTSNTGMDGT9	33ISQZVXPPNAG7O5KJYB7LKKDEYCCX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	681	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I think the chance that something could go wrong and people will have their information stolen is too high.  	No harm is being done.	I think the results would be interesting and no harm is being done.						There are a lot of people I care about who are not very careful about what they do online.  I think participating in this experiment will help them realize that they should be more careful and pay more attention to what they are doing online.	
A2BL54QCB07I79	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPM6ZYZ	WithoutPublication	501	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I need more information about who the researchers are.	If there is no permission, there should be no experiment.	Like I said above, I think more information is necessary.	Once again, permission from participants is a problem in this experiment.	I would like more information about the researchers.	I need more information about who the researchers are.	I don't believe these studies are conducted with participant permission, so I don't like it.	I really need more information about this study, such as who is conducting it...besides just computer security researchers.	I think that permission is an issue here.	I don't see this being a big problem.
A2BLIB4GCCK3J5	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z1YB9LN	WithoutImprovingProduct	2029	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent		It pisses me off that Facebook did this, honestly. It's like Facebook likes to intentionally annoy their users as much as possible. 								
A2BLXPUFVNXEPT	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQ54O25	UnnamedCompany	373	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	Privacy is of the utmost concern. No malware should be loaded onto any computers.		Too many security concerns about who has access to these passwords.	Passwords are private. I'd have concerns over who has access.	As long as no actual security risk is a possibility.					
A2BM4OQ4QLFF8I	3ZPPDN2SLVXNF71G4QUFVJJFSYN9E7	UnnamedCompany	1048	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2BNOEYZ3VRW2R	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ1VQLM2	InsertPosts	2693	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	no										
A2BO77JHB0Y915	3II4UPYCOJ8OF042PXUHBWRJ2Y6QDL	InsertPosts	494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no	I don't see why anyone would sign up to be a part of this study. 	I don't see how it could negatively impact anyone and if it is something they are wanting to know then there is no harm in doing a experiment about what people post on facebook 	They could be using the info they are retrieving to better hack individuals passwords	I can't see the good in the experiement	I am not sure. I can see the benefits but I can also see the risk. I don't like experiments that aren't upfront about what the purpose is. 	I don't want anyone I care about to be involved in spam	It doesn't really matter to me if someone participates in a study about facebook. 	Because it could be a ploy just to get your password or info about passwords	I just wouldn't want someone I cared about to be involved in a phishing scheme. 	IT would be very confusing and make someone think they are facing a security breach.
A2BOANV5MQGOM5	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEGFULN	Twitter	764	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	Yes they should continue but make sure that they do it carefully because these type of things can lead to viruses and malware. 	No problem with the experiment. 	They have to make sure that the passwords gotten from people will not be stored anywhere. 	As with passwords this can lead to very sensitive information being given so making sure none of it is stored is crucial. 	I see no problem at all with this experiment. 	I don't want them falling for these type of spam even though these wouldn't link to the real website. 	No sensitive information is being taken and this seems it wouldnt have any bad consequences. 	They might feel tricked into revealing a password which they might not feel very happy about even though their password was not collected. 	As long as their information is kept save i would have no real problem if they participated or not. 	After they are told about the warning it will make them aware of it. 
A2BP38MXKIIYPE	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGB57QN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	366	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	no	So they can carefully craft a defense.	Privacy is a fine line to walk.  It also seems a bit deceitful to shape what a person is more likely to post.	Depends on the integrity of the researchers, if they see an opportunity to steal a password.. would they?	Gives more awareness than harm.		That would mean that their computer would be infected.	Their privacy would be compromised.	So that they would be more willing to step up the security of their passwords.	So that they would be informed on how dangerous and real the threat is.	Would not really have to be someone I cared about to participate, so I would rather they not than to participate.
A2BPBFN87X32NO	30LB5CDZNCB3U84Z0HPZNIJ4D2S0ZM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	416	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				I'd be slightly worried about the data collected but if they are fully informed and agree I don't see the issue			I am not a fan of facebook to begin with so I wouldn't even want them using it to begin with.		I don't see a reason it would bother me if they wanted to participate	
A2BQ6A3K8IZ1AZ	39O5D9O87TTM37SMRQNAEIGQ7323CB	WithoutImprovingProduct	1388	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	no	Please see previous response.	Please see previous response.	To soften the blow, perhaps researchers could offer a small incentive to participants afterward. For example, along with a thorough debriefing, participants could be given a $10 gift card to Walmart.	Phishing activity is illegal, whether conducted for 'research purposes' or not.	Please see previous response.	I have read this explanation a few times over but remain a bit confused about how it would be conducted. Sorry; it just isn't laid out as clearly as the others have been. If I am understanding it correctly, this experiment does seem slightly less invasive than those previously described, as researchers would be protecting users from actually divulging personally identifying information on the spammers' 'sites.'	I think this study would only be fair if participants were allowed a general overview of the experiment, and had the freedom to decide whether to participate. I would be most concerned that someone having a really bad day would happen to be exposed to friends' negative content when they log into FaceBook, and they could potentially fall into a dark place in their own mind.	It seems that this experiment would not be as upsetting to participants as some of the others, as they would voluntarily provide their information. It may even become a valuable learning experience for them.	Although the topic being studied is important, I don't believe carrying out the experiment in this manner would reinforce a positive relationship between students and their university. Academic establishments should protect their students from illegal activity-- 'scientific' or not. Otherwise, this is a serious breach of trust.	I believe we need to be cautious about the types and severity of deception we create for the sake of research. Security warnings may cause significant upset to some individuals.
A2BQ9UA0LIKZQ3	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZHZ1KPX	WithoutPublication	824	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Spam doesn't seem like a huge issue to me. Just request to stop getting them or delete the few you get from your inbox everyday.	Dealing with people's emotions and personal Facebook information can be a testy subject so the researchers should be careful how they treat the participants.	The debriefing in this experiment would need to be strong to assure participants that their passwords and account security are not in any danger.	The participants in this study are being lied to big time in order for the researchers to get their results so I feel like it's too big of risk to take on.		I don't know anyone that is that distraught about spam and I wouldn't want to subject anyone I know to such a strange study.			Too much deception is involved in this study and I would feel bad for any friends that took part in it.	
A2BRSV0CCHRVZM	3WAKVUDHUWH0QKA9FTB0L5ECJYN7U8	InsertPosts	740	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Too easy for something to go wrong, or to have people go to the wrong site or something and actually purchase things they should not. And I don't think it would be as educational as the computer privacy research because it wouldn't be able to be as generalized to other spam.	I don't think there is a way to control that would be safe and not cause some harm.	I think it would be valuable for helping people not be fooled.	No, this is too risky and invasive. 	It could be educational and would be within a controlled environment and system of the hits.	Because I would  not trust that the spam would be completely made harmless.	Because I cannot see how they would get into people's facebook accounts and how they would pose as friends.  And it could cause upset to people for many reasons.	Because I know some people for whom this could be a wonderful education in what not to do. how not to be caught by hackers.	This is too open to attack.  And it would also open up the student's real passwords for others. The college should not even have that information in an aggregate form.	I think this could be very well controlled. It is not coming from outside this system and would not involve outside parties as Facebook or the spam experiment would.  I think it would be very beneficial.
A2BT66R3UHZG76	3L70J4KAZGNWSKXL01XVLWCEYCCADI	InsertPosts	1254	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	This sounds like a breach of privacy.	Like I said above there is very little risk to the experiment. It is very unlikely someone would kill themselves or commit murder because of the posts...as long as the posts are reasonable.	If their research can eventually lead to significantly better security then the experiment should be done.	The research can only help.	As long as they notify the participants. 	The idea that your action are being recording without your knowledge feels wrong.	I don't really care one way or the other about this research. Since there are no risks to the research I have no qualms against it or for it.	Though, this seems like a blatant breach of privacy I think it can lead to better security for websites and individuals.		I feel the participants should be notified. 
A2BTZWR768WQDL	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87IIMAA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1597	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no		I know sometimes people say experiments are rejected for being unethical but this should be fine. 					I feel like this project has the hypothesized goal of attempting to make people more negative, so I'd prefer my friends to stay positive. 			
A2BUNPETB9YKPB	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WLUU4CB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	424	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		I don't think this data is valuable.		As long as it helps the user know what they did wrong.	This is a valuable research project.	This is protecting the user in a way, so I'm ok with it.	I don't think this data is valuable.	This is a valuable research project.	This is a valuable security research project.	This is a valuable research project.
A2BW4DOVKEFFAO	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLAHPZV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	855	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	i think the data collected would be interesting	facebook is personal they could find another way to collect data they need	i think it is a good idea but very risky because of the trust with important information being given out	im not sure how any number figure of how many people would fall for phishing will actually change the people who actually became victims	no information is being used that could really cause harm	it seems a little safer that the other scenarios	i think other forms of studies can be used to determine moods besides using facebook which does have personal data	there would need to be some paper statement showing that none of that persons information would be used outside this task.	people will be victims with or without this data it seems not trustworthy	it seems more like they would be learning a lesson
A2BXVBVLIA1237	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23IDWGX	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	299	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A2BY38SXLBYX0R	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ30M13I	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	374	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Only if there are checks & balances in place to prevent actual fraud/scams.	You are misrepresenting someone when you post fake feeds.	Only if after their password has been input they are prompted to immediately change that password on any site they have it set.	I think they should be allowed to do this but only if there are checks & balances in place that fully delete the information as soon as it's received and notify the user to change their password anyway.	As always there needs to be severe checks & balances in place for something like this to prevent the "researchers" from putting cryptocurrency mining software on the users computer.	I don't want anyone I know to be a target for something like this. Again, they can use their own friends.	It's incredibly malicious to post fake facebook feeds to someone timeline. I would be furious & instantly delete my facebook(though I have already) if I found out facebook was posting fake statuses on my behalf.	Use your friends, not mine.	If they wanted to try this they can try it out on their own friends, not mine.	Use your friends, not mine.
A2BYFJT6DSACBR	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHMMAQY	UnnamedCompany	1877	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Seems a little complicated and not in full control.	Don't see any problems with this one. Pretty safe experiment and have enough controlled variables to work.	The fact that it says that "The researchers thus plan to DECEIVE participants" makes the whole study unwelcoming.	I don't know how ethical this is. Since its after the fact that participants will know what is going on, I think it might be unethical. The participant has to willfully agree beforehand, not after.		Their choice, not mine.		It is the participants choice not mine.	It is their choice to make if they'd like to participate or not.	It is a participants choice, not mine.
A2C1GIV5DE7IAG	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMB82M6C	UnnamedCompany	986	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	n/a	It is the person's experiment and if they want to do one or not, let them go ahead, 	All experiments should be performed with caution.  	People need to know about phishing attacks.		Hopefully, they are tech savy.	I need to physically talk to someone face to face to be able to determine if I would like to continue speaking to them or not.	It is their decision. 	This might teach them a lesson.	
A2C4VMTAS2EZZN	3B837J3LDOXUTQ2KZ2E6BLNOZNDSRD	NoAdvertising	345	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A2C73Y1COWCA51	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ43Y8F	UnnamedCompany	1466	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A2C7PMFZHOQ7ZV	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28KBX4N8	InsertPosts	1110	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	I want to stop spam.	I am curious, myself, to see who reacts positive or negative. I think a lot of people just put on an act, because they are not in person. That is not how they really are.	There are some people that would really want to try the experiment.	Find out what information you can.	I would like someone to catch hackers.	If they weren't being told about it. I want to stop spam.	I am curious to see how the people I know would react.	I know too many people that would fall for the trick, if it really happened.	Just because it is crazy.	I know too many people that would disregard the warning.
A2C8P2B66BTA4H	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICVY7AZ	Twitter	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	I think all studies where people are "tricked" should be cautioned.		I know this can be important but dont like deception.	I think it might be valid information for preventing phishing.		I think this might be beneficial to us all.		I don't like the idea of being deceived.	I wouldn't want to make them feel bad by being tricked.	
A2CDT2Q9AIGV3C	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXGRJ37	Twitter	614	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent		The researchers could take a feed out of context.	They can manipulate the twitter feed.\r\n			It would help with spam.\r\n	I do not know anyone who uses twitter.	I don't know someone on twitter.\r\n		
A2CDVWS5RY97UN	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGCSQ7V	InsertPosts	5543	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes				I don't like the fact that they are capturing real passwords.					I don't like the fact that they are capturing real passwords.	
A2CEL5AR6LIIJZ	30IQTZXKAK7EPD4KZZ1EQX3T594X0A	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	537	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2CF54O7S1633O	3VD82FOHKQPBPWL8AO722LE12S9COM	WithoutPublication	3802	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2CHZBS7YTXURA	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UERYXCM	InsertPosts	491	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Participants are deceived and are not made aware that they are in a study.					Participants are deceived and are not made aware that they are in a study.	It neither helps nor harms the person who is participating, so it doesn't really matter.		Researchers had to look at Facebook profiles and are violating trust of participants.	They were not asked beforehand to participate.
A2CIEG81SYZ95B	3WR9XG3T63C19MGU0NKI81GIKQG74C	InsertPosts	474	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	They need good data and I think this would be a valid way to collect it.	They would be manipulating people with no permission to do so.	Seems safe.	It's an important issue in this time.		It's important.	This isn't just collecting data.  It's manipulation.	Important information could be gathered.	I want them to be informed.	
A2CJM0WQFBHVRT	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CQVAP2	WithoutPublication	390	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes							I don't think any of my friends or family post on Facebook that much.	I would want my loved one to know whether they were at risk for having passwords stolen.		
A2CMTWGF8QXWQ2	3OCHAWUVGOLG23BO3SBW9HI2J1FXK9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	663	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	Sounds as though it's treading the line of getting super personal information from the participants.	Sounds shady and mean to be quite honest.	Any time you steal or attempt to steal someones password it becomes an invasion of privacy.	This is treading a mighty fine line of invading privacy. Although it is a study that could help, some people may be offended by it.			Their taking out positive parts of people's days for friends to see. Ultimately it would create a negative impact on someone I care about.	It would help this person be safer in the future when someone is actually trying to steal their password.	It sounds like it could help the experiment and the person I cared about would not have their information stolen.	
A2CNE881VO3TYF	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZ18XVL	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	697	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2CSEC5R0JKJ2L	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBBU36A	InsertPosts	643	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't think they should be included if they're unaware of the experiment or haven't agreed to it.	As long as the passwords are not stored or in any way tracked or linked to the participants, I don't see a problem, but again, don't see it happening often.\r\n	Maybe it will make people more aware of tricks used to scam them.	I would likely return the hit and warn people via Turk Opticon that there was a security risk.  	Now you're getting into the realm of people's hard-earned money.  That's pretty sensitive, and I don't know that I'd want to be part of that experiment.	If they wish to be a part of it, assuming they're an adult, then that's fine.  I don't think they should be included if they're unaware of the experiment or haven't agreed to it.	I don't think many people would give their password during a HIT...it would be interesting to see the results of the survey.	It may teach some people to be more cautious about where they go and to whom they give a password.	I think each person is able to assess his or her own level of comfort with risk.
A2CSV75E3JT58Y	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3B4BNPU	InsertPosts	671	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	it is beneficial to learn how spammers are successful so we can deal with them	why bother with this research?  doesn't common sense dictate that people are influenced by their freinds' posts, whether happy or sad?	this research has value because we need to learn the tricks used by the hackers in order to stop them or prevent them from stealing passwords	Phishing is dangerous and needs to be stopped	computer security warnings need to be as effective as possible and this is one way to make them better	participants will not be harmed in any way and will be anonymous	i don't see any great value or problem with this research	participants' security will not be compromised in any way. 	Participants will ultimately benefit from the research and won't be harmed	Participants will not be harmed and will provide useful information in an important study.  The deception is necessary for the greater good.
A2CT62M1HND5OQ	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8M8XP8R	UnnamedCompany	3881	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes		The recent response in the news shows how unwilling people are to accept studies like this, however, there's really no other way to do it.	Caution indeed! The recent facebook experiment was a huge violation in many people's opinion. While the experiment had merit, many who feel duped and/or like guinea pigs, may have a rather rash and negative response. I would not suggest this experiment without Amazon's direct consent and guidance. They may not be game after the facebook experiment response.	Same as previous page response.	Better understanding of how we respond to warnings, and more importantly, how to make them more effective, is of monumental importance.	Use your best judgement here. However, you will be on very dangerous waters with this one. Hackers/Spammers/etc. can be very sophisticated sometimes. While I'm sure your IT personnel are top notch, if anything goes wrong, the University and Researches could be held liable, and since the subjects would have no "informed consent", one slip could be very expensive in an overly litigious country such as ours!	Okay, so your "those researchers". You have my sympathies. I do however feel things like this need to be known. It helps show just how important environment really is, be it "online" or "offline" environments. Tapping into that ever contested "nature" vs. "nurture" debate. Showing how environmental stimulus can change human behavior could lead to helpful solutions to some of society's ills!	Making a mistake in a safe controlled environment would be preferable to one made in the wild. A chance to learn without the harsh repercussions would be both ideal for the subject as well as informative for the researchers.	Same as previous page response.	This is a very important one, as we humans are subject to becoming so used to certain things we see regularly, that warnings start to be ignored. Especially false warnings.
A2CU75UPXCS8J6	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0IMOGP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	470	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A2CW8CQCOPMCYA	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBO8EIT	Twitter	626	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		Emotional manipulation of people who have consented to no type of research is unethical and disgusting.  Repercussions of this manipulation could be far-reaching and long-lasting.			They don't intend to do any harm and aren't manipulating people in a way that will be harmful.	An infected computer is not always easy to control and manipulate.  I would be concerned that although the researchers think that have control of what the computer is doing that the spammers are able to find a way around the safeguards in place.	It's emotional manipulation that the person has no way of knowing about.		Passwords falling in to wrong hands is always a concern.  I don't see any protection in place that would keep an unscrupulous researcher or someone else from taking the passwords and using them to their own end.	There's no harm done in the study, the deception is mild and has no overarching effects.
A2CWJRAEFZ44HU	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJQHEV3	UnnamedCompany	516	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I think the risk of the spamming software getting out of control is too high.	No. Fuck facebook.	If it possibly makes mturk a safer place in the end, then sure go right ahead.	I guess there's a possibility the info gleaned from this study could be used by actual phishers	It could help make the internet a safer place.	This seems dangerous, especially because a computer is actually infected with spam software.	This seems like a deranged way to alter moods on social media	Again, no maliciousness is intended.	Sure. it's just an experiment for the greater good. No maliciousness is intended.	No real harm is intended.
A2D0XTJ0PI40QY	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCL8WZPG	WithoutImprovingProduct	379	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A2D2PAD9XLZ1TC	31UV0MXWNQDGUP1QXJ7P4IC5YV45IE	NoAdvertising	578	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	I just don't think it will be successful.			I see nothing wrong with this.	Bad idea overall.	I don't think they can do it and be successful without cutting that computer off from the rest of the spam bot network. I can come up with other ideas they should experiment with.	I think that we're not going to change targeted ads at all and if they're working on improving them to be suit individuals then there really shouldn't be any negative involved provided the community as a whole knows it's going to happen and there is an opt out feature to assure those who do not are not randomly selected anonymously.	Deception is still deception and trust doesn't come easy.	It sounds valid and controlled.  It's remaining within the confines of the University system and not collecting data that isn't readily available to the University already.	There are two extremes when it comes to security warnings.  Either people will ignore it or take their computer to the shop which could cost the unsuspecting user money.  
A2D41RGVJ2OA97	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WBHGE4	WithoutImprovingProduct	1250	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	It would see how easily people are influenced by spam and might help people with impulse purchasing problems.	Some people are negatively effected by being surrounded by people only posting positive or negative posts all the time.	If they posted the results of this experiment it might help others learn how to steal other peoples information.	This would help people understand how easy it is to accidentally give out personal information on the web or being tricked into doing that. Researchers should take caution as to not help other people figure out how to steal others information in this manner.	More people need to learn computer/web safety.	As long as the researchers remained in control of the spam and it didn't harm other's computers, it wouldn't matter to me.	I would like to see how easily influenced they are by other people. 	As long as they actually don't steal information from people, it wouldn't matter to me.	They would need to learn, in a safe environment, web safety, as a lot of people don't know the basic rules of web safety.	It would help teach proper computer/web safety.
A2D4TSOPCPCXQP	3Y9N9SS8LYCW8ZY0RMILYOY8S1M3DF	Control	2071	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Only if users have agreed to be apart of it.	Make sure that whoever is a part of this study signs an agreement and understand that personal information does not leave the study or is not kept.	Depending on how that information gets linked out and when most likely that university will actually get attacked.			If they signed up to be a part of it it is fine with me.	At the end of the experiment they will have a better understanding on how to protect themselves later and what to avoid.		
A2D50KS58QB1BN	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH8AXLXV	NoAdvertising	471	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	no										
A2D5ZDBVZGVF1Z	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0ESR08L	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	447	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	I think this can be a good way to help eliminate spam without bothering the general public.			I think its wrong to trick people about these things.			I think it will be interesting to see what the results are.	As with the previous 2 possible research questions, this just doesn't seem ethical. You can just people who have been hacked their previous experiences instead of doing all of this.	I think just asking people would suffice	Just doesn't seem ethical
A2D8ZM1E0USP73	3KAKFY4PGU3DGAEMJ0JWPLELK173IK	NoAdvertising	723	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	As long as no payment is allowed to go through and all identifying data is removed it should be fine to do so.	It would be interesting to see the results and what implications they have.	People need to be informed on how vulnerable they are.	It would help raise awareness about security.	To increase security awareness.	For one, it would help the results be more organic as well as hopefully teach them to not trust spam emails.	I don't really use Facebook so I don't have an informed opinion on what the side effects of such an experiment would be.	It would be a good way to promote increased cyber security.	It might help them realize how common phishing schemes are.	They need to learn not to take security risks.
A2DB8OW62ML5FP	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1QU1WW	Twitter	1562	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	Just don't let it get out of control, or someone else take over your botnet.	It sounds like a safe social experiment, but I don't want someone to hurt them selves over manipulated data.	Doing white hat hacking with the pretext of "research" is fine, but share your results and help make better policies.	I know with human subjects there are a lot of rules and ethics, I'm not sure what they all are, but it sounds harmless to me	It will raise people's awareness.	Unsure, it sounds like a honeypot to me. I wouldn't want to be involved, but if someone else was, might be interesting.	If my friend is dumb enough to use twitter and is not famous, let them think someone like's there dumb tweets, it may make them feel better about themselves.	Sure why not, I could be in the middle of an experiment right now.	It's a good real world experiment, and if it's not malicious it may have educational merit. Although I think the students should be made aware of it afterwards, to teach them to think that we are not as smart as we may think we are.	This is a good experiment to teach people not to just click on anything they see in the internet.
A2DB9XU42MVRVB	39JEC7537U26FGU5B0TGXD89YIBVC6	UnnamedCompany	525	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent			It can help a lot of people if they get enough data. 			There is no information being sent through email. It would be nice if they were informed at a later date to prevent this from happening again to them.	I don't believe this will do much in the long term. I view it as a waste of time. 	So they can learn their lesson, if they were gullible enough to fall for it. 	There is valuable information and private information being shared. Such as passwords. 	This is the best way to test if the experiment will work, by keeping participants unaware. 
A2DBMTN294Y1A8	3XIQGXAUMC9S7O44KYMN5CDGDOJ7XV	WithoutImprovingProduct	1917	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes						Too much opportunity for financial abuse that would be hard to regulate and/or stop once it gets going. 				I can't see a lasting harm and participation might actually cause my family member to bolster security and learn more about it.
A2DBMVQJUOM1EV	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4O4QVJU	WithoutPublication	1259	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I feel irritated knowing this happened. I don't live near most of my friends so Facebook is how I keep track of what's going on in their lives. For Facebook to modify my news feed to however it sees fit is extremely irksome. I also feel Facebook should be more detailed in its privacy/research policy. Additionally, it concerns me that individuals with psychiatric disorders and mental health issues could experience severe consequences of seeing mostly negative posts in their feeds. 	It seems to me that a full disclosure by the researchers regarding the nature of the experiment is required to be made, but I'm not sure of the actual legal ramifications of misleading participants in this day and age. I do think it's important research however, and for that reason they should be allowed to proceed. Nonetheless, the idea of disillusioning participants just doesn't sit well with me. 	Again - it's misleading to students, and a violation of their basic privacy rights (which seem to be more of a vague concept than an actual right these days). Students attend university to further their education, and they often pay ridiculous amounts of money to schools for that education. Using students in undisclosed research just because the university said it's okay is outrageous.	Showing a security warning on someone's computer or other internet-enabled device when there is no risk seems deceitful, and could cause some degree of panic in participants. 		Again, the people I care about are people I believe can take care of themselves. I'm certainly not a watchdog for my loved ones. :)	The people I care about tend to be pretty self-sufficient and intelligent. I would not question their decisions unless a decision could lead to serious physical harm or endangerment of the person.	I don't think the university should be allowed to give permission on behalf of its students. That's a total misuse of power, and a waste of the students' time. 	
A2DCLIBGQV2ZMT	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR0DJ2E	Twitter	11317	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes										
A2DF9RS5XWFW3E	3FE2ERCCZX9UJLUCFTT8MLD81EMPOH	WithoutPublication	817	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I do not think the experiment is worth it.	Yes but only if there is general notification that it's going on.	It seems ethical and important.	Seems highly unethical.	I see many benefits and very ethical.	I do not like that people are not notified what could possibly be happening. Very unethical.	I don't think I care either way. Might be interesting to see how posts can affect mood.	This study seems like it would be done correctly and people's security would not actually be at risk.	This goes beyond an appropriate study. It seems illegal and crossing too many lines.	Important study and the security of participants is covered.
A2DH6KE258SZBH	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594K5M8FP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	704	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	Of course. It would be awesome if they could also somehow grab some sort of demographic information. This could be useful in the long run to help save whomever the targets are that do succumb to spam. Some of those emails are scams.	Again, only if its POSITIVE	people need to learn from their mistakes, it would be better for them to learn in a non malicious setting.	Same as above. It's an eye opener that is sorely needed.	This could come in handy, and I'd actually LOVE to see how different warnings would help the end user. 	Most computers now days have spam filters. I can't say i'd hand a researcher thier email, but I can say that I wouldn't be mad if they got it and used them in the research.	ONLY if they do POSITIVE things. 	It's a learning process that some people need to understand	We've had this done by an old employer of mine. IT was eye opening how many people still fall for this.	I know some people ignore them, usually because it's a little box in the corner that only shows up for a few seconds. 
A2DI76CZSKNB3U	3YWRV122CS04QYFSPY36Z5A7US6U8F	WithoutPublication	397	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Again, lack of consent is concerning	Glad to see they're not actually collecting passwords.				I don't like the idea of manipulating people's emotions without their consent.	No opinion; wouldn't care if they did participate but wouldn't push them to do so.	Capturing passwords!!	
A2DKD9PS2ZT33S	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ74RHP	WithoutImprovingProduct	474	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Unethical	Unethical. You can't just hack into someones account and choose what they see			Completely ethical and debriefs participants	This is unethical				
A2DKE3NCEA5W79	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICCSNRV	WithoutPublication	845	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	no	I think things could go badly. Reverse engineering infected computers can have the chance of missing something.	I don't think purposefully messing with someone's emotions without their knowledge is moral.	This topic needs to be studied.	I believe this is something we need to educate people on and this study will reveal how susceptible people are to this type of scam.		This just seems like a sketchy way to perform a study. It may not work out as planned.	I don't think purposefully messing with someone's emotions without their knowledge is moral.	My mother has fallen for these sort of scams. I think it's important to study this topic. I wouldn't mind if someone I cared about took the test if it's a reputable study. 	I think it may educate the person I cared about on how to avoid such scams in the future.	I think it may cause someone distress.
A2DKZ4979P3QK0	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICHNNR0	Twitter	643	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes		This doesn't seem to be much of a problem.	I think it is an invasion of privacy.	You want to be careful not to infringe on someone's privacy unknowningly.		As long as no personal information is compromised it seems harmless.	Doesn't affect me in any way.	It is really an invasion of privacy	I still feel like it is an invasion of privacy, but less invasive since it will be done through the university's website.	This seems even less harmful than a prank!
A2DMI5CJXRNMH9	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ53BF705	Control	560	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2DMRW5DDDRMN2	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9PP5TQ	Twitter	454	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A2DN6WYIDUBIR3	36WLNQG78ZB630GD2A8BMPE5GY2EBY	WithoutImprovingProduct	943	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	They should not take the spammers program to use.	People weren't notified.		It effectively forces the students to fall victim						
A2DOMC090B27S6	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHLTXZNM	WithoutPublication	1017	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent										
A2DPCGIYL8N1K3	3X4JMASXCMA7CA1JU39W10C1M14B0T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	593	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	It seems kosher to me, since info won't be stored or collected, but the researchers will have access to personal information. 	It seems invasive to manipulate someone's newsfeed.	I always feel a bit uneasy when passwords are involved.	Again, too much infiltration of personal information.	Seems safe.	I think it depends on whether he or she would receive payment. I'm not sure what the benefit would be for the participant otherwise, but there doesn't seem to be any harm in the study.		As long as everyone receives payment for the HIT.	This seems like too much entry into personal information.	
A2DQ1VB93ZKWF2	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZCFW9H	WithoutImprovingProduct	260	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		It's just emotions.					As a scientific experiment, I don't really care about the manipulation of others' emotions.			
A2DQZ8V7PPNUZJ	3WRFBPLXRAP5UBPDGGWOUTA265W3N5	Control	996	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There will be anonymous participants which is good and it is safe.	Afraid of what this could be used for on the part of Facebook.	self esteem would be effected nobody wants to feel vulnerable like that. 		It is in the name of science.	Yes the spam website would be a the reasearchers website and no harm would be done.	There is no harm being harm only insights.	It is for reasearch and no harm is done except with maybe self esteem.		There are no harms and is more research so it don't matter too much.
A2DSQFWJ2UCX5W	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ69Y8P	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	390	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	It would be important for the banking info to be purged from the system so that it couldn't be used to harm anyone.	I don't think it's okay to experiment on people without consent, what if those being experimented on were psychologically unstable and suffered ill effects?				No one is harmed in this experiment as long as the banking information is not saved by anyone.	They don't ask for consent	People I care about should know about the dangers of getting their passwords hacked and this is a good way to raise awareness while also learning things.	I think this experiment carries a low risk to cause damage to anyone, and would serve as a good way to educate students that would fall for the attack.	There seems like no risk
A2DUXTKMNPS59K	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6CXBC7W	Twitter	504	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think the experiment is an interesting idea but not acquiring consent is problematic.	They are just censoring information that should be available to me.		Acquiring students university passwords (for comparison) seems wrong even for an experiment.		Recording information like that for a study without consent is something to be concerned about.	I wouldn't want someone altering what I would see so I wouldn't want someone altering what a person I cared about could see.			
A2DV3C1KJVG3KT	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRE9JTR	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	313	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			As long as they're watched carefully.					Can't trust the organization		
A2DVC0BWZQOUXY	3OE22WJIGIPAW2FOBSK6LWV7OMPUQZ	InsertPosts	6081	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	The research sounds very important and like it could eventually be effective against spam, so I would support the researchers continuing their experiment. 	Facebook shouldn't subject it's users to things like this for the (ultimate) sake of making more profit from its website.	This experiment has a noble cause and fighting cyber crime becomes more important every day. The research should definitely continue. 		This experiment isn't harming anyone and should be allowed to continue because of the potential benefits it will yield.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about to have to deal with spam of any kind for their own safety, and also to save them the embarrassment if they were to realize they were part of this experiment. 	This experiment could potentially be damaging to a person's psyche and I wouldn't want someone I cared about to have to deal with something like this.	I don't think this experiment could harm someone I care about, and I think it might actually be good for them - of they were to fall for the tricks, perhaps they would learn a lesson and be less likely to allow it to happen in a real scenario. 	This experiment could potentially be important and wouldn't be very harmful to a participant. I don't have a preference in this case.	I don't see how participating could harm or benefit someone, so I have no preference. 
A2DYW1KL64O5IK	3K4J6M3CXEUZ447C2RY3RHFBBX8AGU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	418	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	The spammers are conducting illegal activities and the people attempting to buy from them should be aware.	People will be participating in this behavior regardless	The participants are engaging in the behavior anyway	They do not accomplish anything	It only helps protect future users	The people are participating anyway, this way they are unknowingly protected	It doesn't really effect anyone	It will help protect people later	It does not have any potential benefit	it would only help the researchers and not harm the person.
A2DZ3OFTXRZVNY	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1JTJG8	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	421	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	IT IS VERY RISKY 	IT COULD HAVE A POSITIVE IMPACT 	SOME PEOPLE MIGHT GET VERY ANGRY THEY WERE TRICKED 	MAKING SURE PEOPLE ARE WELL INFORMED RIGHT AFTER THE FACT	I DONT BELIEVE THEY ARE HURTING ANYONE 	BECAUSE IT WAS INITIALLY WRITTEN BY CRIMINALS 	I DISLIKE FACEBOOK VERY MUCH I THINK IT MAKES PEOPLE DEPRESSED SO I SUPPORT THIS 	THERE IS TOO MUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION BEING TRANSMITTED 	THIS IS A LITTLE MORE IN DEPTH AND I WOULDNT WANT THEM USING THEIR PERSONAL EMAIL	I WOULD BE INTERESTED HOW THE HANDLED THE SITUATION
A2DZ8P0W8N4FEC	3AMYWKA6YBNM9FC70XUZGLMR6216OJ	Twitter	1038	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes		As long as it isn't altering data or controlling what users actually post, I suppose it's fine, but at the same time I don't much care for my posts being used in a scientific study without my consent or awareness. 	So long as no identifying data are collected, what's the problem?	No because this is a study that the students are participating in without even realizing they are participating in it until after the fact. Plenty of real life and very identifying, personal data has been accrued and could easily be used against them. There is also not a hint of compensation. 				Why not?	No because this study involves several breaches of security: examining a student's facebook profile for dubious purposes unbeknownst to the student, examining the profile of that student's friends, attempting to impersonate that friend, and then checking to see that the passwords are actually legit, which is an entirely different step than simply seeing whether people enter them and discarding them after. There is nothing ethical about this approach. 	
A2DZT57S2NVV3O	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYCDYB7	WithoutImprovingProduct	5559	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Even though the participants would remain anonymous I feel that it is misleading and an invasion of privacy.	Its altering the participants view of their world. 	The passwords are not collected or stored, and the participants are made aware of the experiment afterwards.	The deliberate act of acquiring passwords to private accounts is a gross invasion of privacy.	The participants are informed afterwards.					
A2E1JK9OKUC98E	3R6BYFZZP7D5MHJA2HKZT4QXB4UXF1	UnnamedCompany	454	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes		It seems relatively harmless.		Just so long as everybody is trustworthy involved in conducting the research and there are precautions taken.					I don't want anybody I know to have to be a victim of phishing. I guess if they went through an experiment it might make them more cautious in the future.	
A2E1ORN1VWB98S	3ZPBJO59KP2B275Z677N2IZIB2JDH3	Control	1078	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes	It seems awfully easy to mess up	It seems unfair to alter facebook newsfeeds		It isn't fair but the info would be worth it	It seems fair	Unsure how I feel	It seems weird and I could miss important information		It doesn't seem uncontrollable, aLTHOUGHT STILL UNFAIR	It might lead to helpful information
A2E2KUU1GGRKQ6	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NL9HF4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	215	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	IT should be a very controlled and safe experiment				It seems like a good design with little risks to participants.			Hackers are dangerous.		It doesn't seem risky.
A2E3SM3T01ENIR	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJSI4GT	UnnamedCompany	513	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I don't know why the researchers would not inform the users of the purpose of the study.	This seems like a silly experiment.	This seems fine to me.		This seems like an interesting experiment.			This might help people learn to be more secure about their passwords.	This experiment could help people learn to not fall for phishing scams.	
A2E54YGTFB751M	3DY4FPOOA1PALIJOTXJBM87VYFARVW	WithoutImprovingProduct	671	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I would find the results of this interesting personally and I don't see how any harm is done by collecting information like this.	I don't see how it can cause any harm.	I think that it may be more beneficial to learn the results and I don't see any real risk with this experiment.	I think the results of such an experiment would help and I don't see how it can harm anyone.	I don't see how it is any harm so I think it's okay to have this type of experiment.		I don't really have an opinion on this so no preference on whether they participate.		I don't see how this can harm anyone and it may teach us something.	I think that the experiment sounds alright a lot of surveys use some type of deception or masking in order to get more authentic results. I don't see how this could harm the person involved so I have no preference if they participate or not. 
A2E61VSLPQ47EC	3XLBSAQ9Z4DHCJ4JLGA82XTRLEK7ZB	WithoutPublication	349	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	It seems very easy to actually get the person caught in real spamming. Plus, it seems very dishonest.	I don't even think the results would tell much, to be honest.			It seems mostly safe, and I can't think of any problems. But they have to agree to being tricked like that.	I just don't want to be tricked like that, even for a good reason. I don't like feeling lied to.	It tampers with content that they may want to see, they miss important events in their friends lives if it is filtered.		I am leaning towards yes, since it seems mostly safe.	This seems fairly safe since they are never in danger.
A2E676OPDBV77O	3KIBXJ1WD5VT8UXW21O0Q4R97VDKOQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	292	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										It's scientific research and has value.
A2E793N4ZQ1VMS	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5HZA14T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	188	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no										
A2E8K7U4186R9G	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCT4PR8	InsertPosts	418	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A2E98WNOGW8ZIG	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTQBUZW	WithoutImprovingProduct	642	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		It is wrong to mess with the postings of another person without their knowledge or permission.								
A2EA4A3VLXX3ZW	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQAJK5G	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	618	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It still deceives participants in a way that isn't ethical.	It's unethical	It isn't respectful to the participants.	It needs to be redesigned to be more acceptable	They need to make sure it doesn't use the participant's own computers	Again, participants do not really know what they are participating in.	FB is controlling what the participant's see without telling them	By having the participant's use their own computer, it seems too manipulative	It seems too invasive when it gets their friend's names	If it is on the participant's own computers I would not recommend. If it was on a university computer I would.
A2EABC3X5VMZ95	3DBQWDE4Y6Z88QCHUZKH9Q8MKUTN57	UnnamedCompany	469	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes				I am a bit iffy about this research because a hack of this sort has happened to me before.		I hate spam mails more than anything, and I definitely want this research to be published with the results.	I am curious how the automated algorithm figures out if a post is negative or positive.	I would want other people to be aware of the tricks that hackers use.	It all depends on how comfortable those candidates feel.	
A2EAN17FAA9AQF	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FFZCNY2	Twitter	320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A2EBQ6NGXSXRW0	33M4IA01QG22P7OJTCKTAT4GEVEXRB	Control	995	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	I don't know if this research should be started because I think the spammers will take over the project computer. 	They should use extreme caution since people don't like to share their private messages with everyone 	Yes they should since it will teach people a lesson about not giving out their passwords so easily.	Yes they should but I believe it's best to be careful using the student's password. 	Yes but the researchers should not contact people about viewing their security preferences. 	No since messing with spam isn't a good idea.	I don't think the person I care about would appreciate their personal messages being used in this survey.	No I would not since this research sounds like a scam.	No I don't want someone I care about getting mad after clicking on a fake website.	No because I believe thAt the person I care about will not be happy with unsecured security. 
A2ECER48S9Y44U	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMPXFE0S	Twitter	980	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	The best way to remove a threat is to see how it works, and why it works. A study on spam could lead to better educational material to protect people.	Conducting this sort of experiment is shadowy. Users are aware that based on their usage certain products may be offered to them, however blatantly forcing perspectives is highly unethical.	By notifying the participants of their role in the study, it satisfies a moral imperative and a scientific pursuit.	The purpose of the study can be achieved without confirming which passwords are valid. Establishing the validity of the password serves no purpose, as entering any password is proof enough that the participant has fallen for the phish.	Since there isn't actually a security threat i feel that any objection would be without merit.	I think the study is harmless and sufficient controls are in place to ensure appropriate protection.	Given the recent revelation of the Facebook behaviour manipulation study, I would not condone any other social media site doing it either.	A stud like this would create a social awareness of vulnerability, this awareness could lead to the development of safer internet usage.	I don't think the study needs to confirm which passwords are real, with the University. With that taking place it allows for unethical conduct to occur.	Effectively communicating risks on the internet is vital, and the results from an experiment could reveal areas of opportunity.
A2EDJ2WM0BG9UL	3Y5140Z9DXHKNZJ9HYG32OHMPZEIPU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	431	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										It doesn't matter that the risk isn't really there. What matters is the person going through that, thinking that the risk is real. It's not right.
A2EEUQ0YY2XIU	31HQ4X3T3SBJQS77UIHAP9EPTJ6LSA	Control	341	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	With the condition that people are informed after going to the site that they were part of a research study. 	I think that the experiment itself is sound, but not how it's being carried out. 	It seems very well thought out. 		It seems to be a reasonable study. 	I honestly wouldn't be concerned either way. 	I don't think that toying with emotions is okay, especially when it involves hiding positive information someone's friend is sharing. 	Nothing is being stored and they would be informed of the study afterwards. 	The experiment is explained and the subjects are given a chance to opt out. 	As long as the participants are informed afterwards I have no problem with this. 
A2EFBCMCFA3SF0	3EA3QWIZ4IWIFRCGYFPN7YIJEBTTIM	WithoutPublication	2111	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	They would have to ensure that there was no way for the spammer's to infect the shopper's computer.	I think that much of the answers can be determined just by following the posts of various people.  It is my experience that when a friend posts about negative occurrences or feeling bad for some reason, friends reach and try to uplift them.  	For the same reason's as stated above.				I simply do not like the idea of posts of friends being blocked.	Nobody can guarantee that someones actual password would not be stolen. Anybody is capable of anything.		Sounds like a good experiment.
A2EHH2ZFIRF1BF	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58E21NH	Twitter	1695	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	There's a chance they would acquire personal financial information.	Important information meant to be shared could be lost.	The information is readily available, ie: checking Google searches hits on malware protection software websites etc..	It's unethical. Involving a person's friends could cause friction between those friends.	I have done HIT's in which the real purpose was disguised. They can be annoying but don't affect my accepting another HIT.		They might missed something important. 			
A2ELH6CUC5Y8J4	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTRT9S9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	9893	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Only if they inform the participants of the study afterwards and give them the choice to opt out of the study.	It sounds like a study whose results could be of some benefit to science.	The experiment would be very beneficial to a lot of people.	The results could be very beneficial to future internet security.	I trust the researchers and think that the experiment is needed to help further insure internet security for everyone.	It involves the participants not being informed of the study.  	I don't see how the study could or couldn't be harmful to anyone so if my someone wanted to participant, I wouldn't care.	I trust the researchers and I think that this study would do a lot of good for individuals online security procedures.	I think that ir would be a very helpful and interesting experiment.	The experiment's results could be very beneficial to many people.
A2EPI9A2N9OP3J	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYQOH4U	NoAdvertising	12854	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no					I don't think it is right to deceive people, even for research purposes.			I wouldn't want anyone that I cared about to have their personal information compromised. For research purposes or otherwise.	The researchers are essentially stealing the participants personal information by being dishonest.	I wouldn't want them to feel as though they were at risk when there is no such risk.
A2ERBE718MPSJA	37TRT2X24QSEEG25GBJ2J5RXL6OJBE	NoAdvertising	250	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	Yes, if it is just an experiment I see no problem with it. 					I wouldn't mind them being a participant in a study like this.				
A2ERC4Q9CZYVWE	3S0TNUHWKTJI9W4633DHP56J8J38DT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	269	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes				It's fine as long as they are careful.						
A2ETAWU92AXPCU	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3ILKDA	Control	607	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes						I might be useful to understand the spams better, but I do not like it really.	I just do not like the idea that somebody is reading private messages and selecting the good ones and deleting the bad ones..		Oh yes, it can teach us about the danger we face every time when typing our password...	Yes, not only researchers but also users (participants) can learn a lot from the experiment. If I have a feeling I really face a risk, it would make me more careful and I would protect my computer better.
A2ETH4X8YR74C3	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0Q41CH0	WithoutPublication	322	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent									I don't understand the point of it.	
A2ETU4361VQA6L	3WYP994K17SY3TG96K3XICKTK9Q6YE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	373	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	Extreme caution should be exercised.	Completely unethical!	Extreme caution.		Not sure.	This is just awful and ethically reproachable.	Emotional harm risk is apparent.	I have a real problem with constrained deception in research methodologies. There should be no constraints on research from any kind of ethical review board, as long as my loved ones are not the ones being experimented upon!	I don't really understand the question.	I don't want the people I care about being experimented on by under-educated psychologists with no root in evolutionary psychology.
A2EW1X8FILTUF6	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGN9Q7Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	204	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2EWKE5HQ9YIE	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68PXI0VU	Twitter	1189	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	My gut tells me that this isn't a good idea, but with more detail I might be convinced otherwise. No matter how anonymous, I don't like the idea of an unrelated third party monitoring 'commerce' without consent from either the buyer or the seller. Man in the middle is bad juju.	It seems mucking with someone's emotions could be a pretty slippery slope. 	Anything that will serve to make people aware of how gullible they are regarding information security is a good idea.	Trolling Facebook for their friends? Meehhhh... maybe not	Please record the reveal and post it on YouTube. I wonder how many "Oh I knew it was fake all along"s you will get. Many LOLs will be had.	I don't like the idea of this study.	I don't use twitter enough to have an educated opinion.	It would depend on who, but generally if protocol was followed I don't see much harm.		People, including my loved ones, are too complacent about security risks and warnings.
A2EWSRBL84C22U	3IXEICO792K2M7HFWEGYAVSE5IN6TQ	InsertPosts	314	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A2EYI58ZSLEOBB	37U1UTWH9VNCA6NBL481UUNNNHT8RS	NoAdvertising	809	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	I just don't think they will have the control that they think they will have	Again, its all about trust and safety	its all a trust issue for me. I wouldn't want it to happen to me. and how do i know that they really won't use my info for other purposes	Trust. I don't trust that the researchers wouldn't use my or my friend's info for other things.		no - any spam or hacking is offensive and there really isn't any true control when it comes to the internet	I'm tired of all the mind games and control by Facebook and I wouldn't trust them not to use this study to become even richer and more powerful than they already are	deception. plain and simple. I don't like it	I wouldn't want to participate nor would I want someone I care about to participate	No personal information is being exchanged. Im ok with this
A2EYPVQH62CVH6	3IOEN3P9S7K1DN56UVWO4P9JDXM16Y	WithoutPublication	421	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	Don't like the deception		Cautious with the information divulged		Potential psychological harm	Seems too deceptive		Don't like the idea of passwords being entered just for a sutdy	Don't like the idea of passwords being used for this study	No real risk
A2EYVO8QFZQPF4	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKMMDSS	Twitter	356	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		Their permission was not asked.		I don't think it is ethical to have humans in a study without their permission			You did not get tehir permission first		People did not ask to be in the study before hand.  This does not seem ethical	
A2F0L17JPRRIF7	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCF6SIX	UnnamedCompany	906	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			I think it will help a lot of people to be more secure with password info.					I would like them to see how vulnerable they are.	To expose their vulnerability. 	
A2F0X4LN9N4O4C	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCNNCN0	Control	719	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I am leery about the downloaded spam program and would not want to proceed for that reason.	I am not certain that this would help learn anything new or anything of value.	I think that it could help determine ways to thwart these types of attacks.	Yes, this is the only way that they will be able to attempt to resolve this problem.	I think that this is important because it will help users become more aware of warnings that they should be paying attention to.	I would be concerned that the information that is downloaded will ruin my friend's computer even though it is controlled by the researchers in the experiment.	I'm not sure that this is an important or necessary study.  It seems to me that the researchers are just trying to test responses and not really study anything of value.	I think that this study is important for scientists to learn how to stop or reduce such attacks in the future.	Yes, I think it's important that the researchers make a determination about phishing attacks and how they can be stopped or reduced.	It is important to show computer users what kinds of security warnings that they may encounter and ways to avoid these types of warnings while online.
A2F1JTU06CO6VD	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9ADSZT0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	737	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		I don't think it's ethically right to mess with facebook posts. Nobody agreed to that. If it's a hit or a spam email, fine, but not a random website.	Having more knowledge about what people commonly fall for will only help society as a whole to not fall for these tricks.			I don't know anyone that clicks on spam emails. This would skew your numbers.		I don't have anyone I care about that would fall for it. I fear this may skew your research. Most of my loved ones are hackers.		
A2F1RE61WL23HZ	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZW7IZX	WithoutPublication	786	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	yes	The researchers would not only be collecting data but they would be stopping one computer's worth of spam from being harmful.	Altering the availability of posts by friends on facebook is limiting the services of the website, is dishonest, and could sow feelings up depression in some users that may already have issues with a bleak outlook on life.	People should never give out their password, and this will make that seem more commonplace.	It would make students pay more attention when trying to access sensitive materials, which may save them a lot of trouble	This will help those less experienced with computers understand security warnings.				I feel like it would help raise security awareness	I believe people need to learn how to protect themselves on their computers, so I wouldn't mind this happening to a friend of mine.
A2F2NEQ5CXZLX1	3OB0CAO74HQE0I0Q23U1F39JTRSYH1	WithoutImprovingProduct	405	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I don't know if I would trust researchers with payment attempts.	How can they tell if a post is positive or negative?		I don't want independent people from the University being able to see someone's password		Spam can be dangerous for certain people.	If they are anonymous, it doesn't seem to matter if they want to participate or not.	I don't want to have anyone's password be more vunerable	I don't want independent people from the University being able to see someone's password	Seems there is no harm
A2F6KWBF4MVIVT	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW66OTKL	NoAdvertising	418	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			A disclaimer would be a good idea.		A good disclaimer would be a good idea.			It wouldn't bother me either way if they participated.		It wouldn't bother me either way for them to participate.
A2F7D8EOTB663	3I7DHKZYGN1WKYZ0WB141LZDICC5F5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	490	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2FA6GTM4FV3MW	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII0A5JFX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	491	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2FAWS9GJDRVS8	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0HIOGJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	453	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	no	no		The experiment seems harmless	The experiment seems a bit risky and may alarm the candidates			This study seems safe and effective				
A2FB555IPZVAGO	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCU0PR6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	403	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A2FD57QQWT1J2N	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV3B9HIZ	Control	599	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Be cautious to not accidentally send a trojan virus global	Without users consent this seems troubling.  	Seems to be just to collect data to make computers more secure with no personal data stored	It seems immoral 	Seems like a fair and harmless study. 	It seems that they aren't collecting personal data and I'm assuming this will be done a researchers computer. 	seems way to invasive into a private facebook page. 	Seems harmless but others may not share that belief. 	Secretly accessing facebook pages, passwords and possibly more.  Seems a little invasive to an unsuspecting participant. 	Seems like a harmless experiment but I don't feel a person I cared for would necessarily benefit by being a part of the study.
A2FDFF4CQZ9WJ5	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WAGO3A	WithoutPublication	240	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2FHZZVMM9PJ6W	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6D8ICR6	InsertPosts	704	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	It seems like it would be impossible to gain consent to conduct the experiment without compromising the results	There is nothing unethical that I can see based on the experiment's description	Participants are debriefed at the end of the study, so I see no ethical problems with the study	Use of Facebook profiles may count as an invasion of privacy	Participants are debriefed, no ethical problems	This is up to them	The possible benefits of the data gathered could drastically improve some people's lives	Netsec is a very important issue, and since most accounts are compromised by social engineering, more information about this method of hacking accounts needs to be compiled and become public knowledge		Netsec is important, and studying what reactions users have to a warning based on how it is presented may lead to more effective security measures
A2FI0SQH3IAJUJ	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPNRZYM	WithoutImprovingProduct	314	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A2FI7CJ3BQ4Y0F	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8Y3IBJ	Control	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	They are being misleading	Some people may not get important news via FB	are we sure that the passwords won't be accessible at a later date by the researchers?			There is nothing really harmful being done.	I wouldn't want them to miss out on potentially important things. Like my grandmother is sick right now. If negative things were excluded, I wouldn't see my Uncle's updates about her.		If they are dumb enough to fall for a phishing scam, I'd want them to be more aware.	no harm done
A2FIK49SEYHD0C	34Z02EIMISE78WV0UP0H1UINS570T5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	3322	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I see no harm in this except to the spammers.	Thye should be able to just gather the raw data on positive versus negative and rates of replies and so on without partially blocking content. 	As long as the experiment is conducted as described I see no problem with it.	This experiment could very easily offend a lot of people, it allows the experimenters to access a profile and collect data on friends as well as checking to see if an entered password is correct. I think the net positive out weighs the negative possibilities but recognize that others would disagree.	I see this as a net positive, both in data gained and in informing the public.	They are not being harmed only mildly inconvenienced. 	I don't think that it is necessary to perform this experiment in this way, instead just monitoring the positive versus negative rates should work.	It would help to inform them, after the fact, of their behavior that is putting them at risk.	I think that someone would benefit from being better aware of phishing scams.	It seems that when the participants are notified at the end what had happened they will become more aware of security and that seems to be beneficial to them, not harmful.
A2FL55RRHWNRTB	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUKZQHI	Control	330	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes					It presents no real risk to participants			This is a major breach of users' trust.		It's important research, and does not harm them.
A2FLL21F9STNZC	33OOO72IVHMR2OQG65T1WVKO1TPTCA	Control	646	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Not sure about this one as people would be very confused if there actually was something they thought they were buying but were unable to do so. 	I think there should be a generalized notification to all users to opt in or out of potential studies such as this before they are conducted. Despite the goal of supposedly protecting psychologically-vulnerable users, the researchers could be creating psychological vulnerability by showing a disproportionate number of negative news feed posts to some users without their knowledge. 	Because anyone participating in a HIT is aware that they are participating in some sort of study, whether they know the true meaning of the study at the beginning or not. 	This one seems a little more tricky as it, again, includes people who do not know they are participating in any sort of study at all. Going to people's facebook profiles to find their friend's names also seems like it may be a bit too much of an invasion of privacy, in my mind at least. 			Because the vast majority of participants would not be aware that they are participating in any type of study. 			
A2FMD4UTI82WV6	39OWYR0EPKSUMM9K7D61CIX6DHMYFK	Control	389	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no								As long as the researchers explain what they are doing.		
A2FMPGHDDYVJYG	3I02618YA07PWQE9BF5HLR5XJTZUPA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	587	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A2FSIGOW8XAQJU	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0MJN2R	Control	582	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2FUMA4UR6S920	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL61T4VT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	302	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2FUPODRRCESB	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NC9HFM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	402	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A2FUW0OA7M6Y0I	3HHRAGRYX869RYE5Y4XB0VDTW279OT	InsertPosts	563	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		Participants need to be explicitly informed they are participating in an emotion/mood based study. 	asking for actual passwords is unethical 	asking for actual passwords is unethical. 		Anyone ignorant enough to click on spam mail is not intelligent enough to be a friend of mine				
A2FV7VC013YKRW	3IKZ72A5B4H0AN560BXQV2ZZ9XVFNO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	377	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2FX8PNDYFPVES	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8SB8V0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	309	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2FXIANQHSDK9S	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7P4C9H	NoAdvertising	453	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		I think they should be careful to not completely take over someone's news feed								
A2FZSQWNDSJ4JL	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QN05VOM	WithoutPublication	820	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	It sounds like it is the kind of experiment that could backfire, and have negative results.	Some people may be affected by the amount of positive and negative posts they see.		I'm not a fan of the idea, to be honest.	People don't like getting security warnings in HITS, so they will most likely abandon the hit, and then the researcher(s) may not be able to collect their data.	I don't like the thought of anyone having to deal with spam emails in any way.	I don't think my loved one's mood would fluctuate because of the experiment, and it sounds like an interesting experiment!		If someone I cared about were in this experiment, they would freak out at first, and be very upset because these cyber attacks are very scary and dangerous.	If this experiment only comes up in HITS on Mturk, then I think it's ok.
A2G0TL8T08INYG	3QHK8ZVMIMJK96Q5JWVFZK4PPZFLBC	Control	7998	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	All researchers know how cautious they have to be in performing experiments on subjects who are not informed of the experiment, and, in fact, cannot be in order to get real results. As long as there is no chance of distress or damage, I think this qualifies as a harmless study. Maybe a panel of experts on ethical science should discuss the specifics more in depth before beginning. 	I would need to consider the gains of the study's outcomes and whether or not any actions would be taken to better the human condition. If not, then there is no way I'd support the manipulation of people's emotions, no matter how subtle. 	I see no conflict since it does not harm the subject by being uninformed of its purpose until the end of the study. 	No harm done and plenty to gain. 	I see no reason not to and a lot of good insight could come out of it. 	I am very supportive of non-invasive experimental research. Though this one is definitely flirting with the line of uninformed consent, it doesn't seem to have any aspects that would be psychologically harmful at all, so I think it would be a worth while effort. 	As difficult as this subject is, I think it was just too irresponsible to affect subjects emotionally. I think their efforts were definitely understandable and incredibly relevant right now, but it is hard for me to make a call on whether it was too unethical to do. I think panels should weigh the gains and the possible damages in order to decide if it was okay or not. 	It is a great way to prove how serious the hacking problem is if the results indicate it is easy to trick users to offer up their private information. It could be later used in court against such spammers and hackers. 	It's important insight	I would love this study. I think it would shed some light on whether the nonstop popups are helping or maybe hurting due to the warnings being so frequent that people have began to ignore them. 
A2G7DA8YM24UVR	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4OA7VJN	Control	429	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A2G8R8YG2463A0	32AT8R96GLAM9IU13W9BGWA86DDUSX	Twitter	628	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	I'm not entirely sure of the legality of this experiment. If legal, the researchers should be allowed to proceed.	The end does not justify the means.	As long as the information is not used for malicious purposes and all participants are informed in due time, the researchers should be allowed to proceed.	As long as it is done in correlation with the University and as long as they are aware, the researchers should be able to proceed.	As long as the security threat is only perceived and not real, I see no reason the researchers should not be able to proceed.		This experiment is almost an invasion of privacy.	I would not trust the integrity of the experiment.		
A2G8UI423QZYJJ	33F859I566EINA7FSBGH7SBI8F4HBT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1027	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	no	It could provide useful data.	I think it sounds like a very interesting hypothesis.	It could be useful for educational purposes.	It could be interesting and it doesn't seem unethical.	It might help people to notice security messages easier.	I think it looks like a fun experiment.	I think it would help him understand himself better.	It could help my friend become more aware of possible d	I would prefer not to because I don't think people should volunteer for scientific experiments.	I don't think it is a good idea to mess with things that might set off a security warning.
A2GARMWKFF5VXA	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ537U70C	Twitter	792	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes		It is unethical to manipulate people's moods through artificial means without their consent. 	They would be doing harm to those that participate in the study. 	I think it would be a violation of people's rights even if the intent was harmless. 			I would not want them to have their moods affected by the algorithm in the study. 	It is immoral for the researchers to attempt this study. 	This seems like a major violation of privacy and even though it might be instructive to protect against phishing it seems a bit unethical. 	
A2GBKUGCFFMU70	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QNXBVOM	UnnamedCompany	652	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	Yes, but once spammers know, they could become more sophisticated so that this type of experiment could not be done in the future.	Yes, it seems like a benign way of showing users how their online behavior may not be secure.	I don't see any harm in this.	Perhaps a password other than the university password could be used. I don't like that that security is compromised.		Yes, but only if that person is likely to fall prey to spam.	Yes. 	Yes. It seems like a benign way to show someone the flaws in his/her online security.	This is getting a bit too personal with checking the real passwords.	
A2GBLPS6QP64YO	3R2PKQ87NW9E2WMWPIOBLKNRKQCIMZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	487	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It should be against the law to track people like this	It could have unattended consequences		You could potentially get a lot of backlash	I think the assumption is correct and would like to see the result	I dont want any illegitimate software installed on anyones computer	It is manipulative		I dont like the idea of people being tricked	I think it is an interesting experiment
A2GCZQ1PV0CD8Z	3Y4W8Q93LZLGK80JBWORHJQRJI9DVA	InsertPosts	1619	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too deceving and any study that uses the term "infect" with the subject not knowing about it is wrong.		The data would be skewed if the researchers were forced to ask for consent first. This is the only practical way to get data on this particular subject.	The only thing I feel needs to be clarified more is how the participants are chosen, and if they have any general idea of the experiment they are consenting to. Or is this going to be done without the test subjects consent? I wouldn't necessarily be objected to this but I feel these details are important for this survey and shouldn't have been left out of the description.	Since the researchers are not actually expsing participants to any risks, and already have their consent for a study there seems to be no true ethical dilema.	Wouldn't want someone I know haveing their computer unknowingly infected, even if it was being monitered.	On the off chance someone was depressed or on the verge of suicide, and they got an increased proportion of negative posts that could be just enough to push someone over the edge. 	The participants seem to be at no real risk, and most likely will be more cautious after the study.	After the experiment is completed they will be more aware of phishing, and more likely to be able to avoid falling for it.	
A2GFAKK1VNGO6L	30H4UDGLT2J6JI902DEVUHO369ZPMK	WithoutImprovingProduct	704	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes	I do not see the harm in the above experiment.					Choosing to answer or fail to answer spam messages/follow spam links is a personal choice that requires individual savvy. It is not my business as to whether or not my "someone" accepts the risk associated with obvious spam. Also, I would not have a preference knowing that it is not actual spam with dangerous private information dissemination consequences.			I do not believe looking deeper into the interpersonal relationships of participants on Facebook is ethical information seeking.	With no harm done to the "someone," I feel it would be a good learning experience.
A2GFH1V0WK0LTX	3E4GGUZ1T8SF1N8RF3Q3JRO66PQ2K9	NoAdvertising	340	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes							I'dwant them to see how facebook affects what they see, and how it might alter their mood.	It would let them know that they were at risk even if they thought they were secure		
A2GH2G3G67AIPY	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BEC5JH	InsertPosts	492	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes		not unless they have specific permission from the poster		they have not received consent			No.  Those posts, positive or negative are meant for viewing by a particular group of friends, not the subject of scientific research		not without their knowledge	no harm in improving security
A2GI7YUEC7DR9G	3CFJTT4SXTRVHTF9LCMM22Q1P6C7II	UnnamedCompany	519	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Unethical to manipulate mood without consent 	Caution is necessary in any study with deception	Could accidentally manipulate real friendships		There are unknown risks	Don't want loved ones moods unknowingly manipulated	Doesn't seem detrimental to participant		
A2GIRUOERUGKNF	33C7UALJVLZOH1OUNATMO35AJLZ18T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	658	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A2GJESBDK7TY9S	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJZQVEB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	622	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes					I would be concerned that someone would exit the survey before learning that the threat really wasn't a threat. They may decide to purchase software or shut down their computer.	This seems quite shoddy. No explanation of what the experiment is about is given.			It seems harmless.	
A2GKF0G2BBUZ05	3B4YI393V9X6U52XEREB1VSKLKJSSE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	787	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	Anything can go wrong in any research experiments that involve peoples personal computers	they have the free will to do it 		Anything can go wrong. especially this day and age people could lose there password easily and get it stolen		It is always up to the person participating. Their call. 	Messing with peoples emotions in my mind isn't something that people should do. 	I wouldn't want people to think that there computer was being hacked. but if they choose to that is on them.	It is up to the person if they would like to participate or not.	If it were my wife doing these experiments on a personal computer I would be little hesitant because of the info on our computer. Otherwise people have the freedom to do what they choose to participate in.
A2GKIS0OUZSXAY	3UNH76FOCS60SW11T0AE78HFAA2YMF	WithoutPublication	525	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Invasion of privacy		As I said above, I think security flaws should be exposed, but at what cost? 		I have a feeling I am part of an experiment by taking this HIT.	Invasion of privacy		I think it's a good idea to expose security risks, but wouldn't want anyone I know participating.		
A2GKTUMQOKZXMG	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FF5XNYZ	NoAdvertising	664	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	I looks like they are taking the proper precautions.			It's possible that involving students without their permission could be a problem.		With the safeguards in place, I would have no objection.	They are clearly interfering with the user's online experience.	It appears the researchers are observing the proper protocols.		
A2GL0OYFMIBRDI	3DYGAII7PL9X4X7SU6LCBQ88GEMPQ5	WithoutImprovingProduct	474	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent				Definitely...it would be eye opening					Heightened awareness is always good	
A2GLE1GVYNF3O6	3D3VGR7TA0GQ99H59ND53DFC7ZQ3RS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	500	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes						No real information is in jeopardy.	They are altering the facebook experience.	Sensitive data is not collected	Because actual passwords are revealed and could become compromised.	They are never put into any real harm, their real information is never exposed. 
A2GN4LSIDK3D7V	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHKYYXN	Control	2308	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think the researchers should alter their approach. I don't like the thought of being used like that.	The idea is pretty well known, that people's moods affect those around them, but how much does it affect people at this kind of distance. I wonder, will the participants be informed later and the excluded posts be restored?	It helps that the participants will be informed, and the results will be published. 	This experiment seems ethical, transparent, with accountability.	It helps that the truth is revealed, and the results published though it is uncomfortable to be deceived.	The way it is described makes the experiment seem too intrusive. Maybe if it were more like the double blind study model, so participants could give informed consent but not know whether their computer would be involved.	I'm sure this answer is colored by my own negative opinion of Facebook, but Facebook users know the company will use anything posted in various ways and they use Facebook anyway.		I trust the people I know to decide for themselves which links they want to click.	The research seems honest.
A2GNS8YQ7S233F	3SB5N7Y3O3533R9UAP1A2B3Y2JH0GU	WithoutPublication	687	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			They won't actually harm anyone and are using research that could help people							
A2GO6DOQRJ00LT	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EH617KL	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1033	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Too much deception and it wouldn't prove much.	It's harmless	Only if the data is deleted permanently after entry.  Too much temptation for poorly paid graduate students.	It may help people protect themselves	Yes, but I'm concerned that some scammers also operate by sending people false security warnings	The researchers would be harvesting too much data under false pretenses	If people are posting things publicly, they are fair game	They need to learn to be more cautious online	Be a good opportunity for them to learn not to be an idiot	Seems harmless
A2GPMBGECD9TQY	3FK0YFF9PZH2EP052HOLN5WYJVZVVP	WithoutPublication	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no										
A2GPUGW5NHLL88	34BBWHLWHACA78GATKUYUIPIITJWIZ	UnnamedCompany	697	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes			I have no idea how yes but with caution could possibly be different from yes.			"Spammers are unlikely to divulge how successful their emails are in attracting purchases."  Why is this stated as fact?  Pay them more than they're making from their spamming enterprise and you'll be surprised.	Can't even work up a care.	Change your password afterward, no big deal.	I'm cancelling my Facebook account.  By the way, don't you have better things to do?  Try manufacturing, the country could really use more of that.	yawn
A2GQLW59SKDSJ6	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23FTGWR	NoAdvertising	189	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Seems potentially risky						I am really interested in this research but I feel like its already a given			
A2GQWHKQC7OD6I	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTIDAFARU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	652	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2GS6VJEP91PA9	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT0FYIU	WithoutPublication	14000	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2GXS7E934VJQ1	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0Q2PHCP	WithoutPublication	696	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't like that people wouldn't have a choice in the matter	As long as there are precautions in place, it seems okay	I would be more on board if the students knew they were participating in a study, rather than just sent a phishing email			They don't seem to have a choice in the matter	It would be their decision and I would want them to make up their own mind.		
A2GZ18JTKB99NH	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJZ2EV6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	856	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2GZDIIKSTJ6OD	3YT88D1N08Z4M54AJ34821TYC3U3KP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	974	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I don't believe the potential reward of the data warrants the risk involved. 	I don't think its appropriate to try to intentionally drive someone to negative emotions or thoughts. 	An extra layer of security should be established that prevents the password data leaving the study. Additionally, I would worry the researchers could potentially abuse the password data. 	This study could be damaging to the school's reputation and to the student's trust in the school. 	I see no reason why the researchers should not be able to continue with this research. I don't think the research will be harmful to the participants and the data sounds valuable and worthwhile.  	I think this could be especially harmful to the participants and the researchers run the risk of losing control of the computer and the experiment. Additionally, the data gleaned does not seem worth the potential risk involved. 	I don't like the idea that someone's Facebook feed is being manipulated and that participants are potentially being driven to negative thoughts and emotions. I feel this could be dangerous for potentially unstable participants. 	The research study seems relatively harmless and the data gleaned could be potentially valuable. So i would have no worry if a loved one were involved in the study. 	The study seems like it is abusing people's trust and taking advantage of the trust students place in their school. The potential for abuse of the data is high. Additionally, students may be reluctant to trust school websites in the future because of this study.   	I could see where the research may add a little extra stress to a participant's day, but as a whole I think the research would be relatively harmless thus I would have no ill feelings about a loved one participating in the study.  
A2H44LJYSLH1YB	39ASUFLU6X8DG3JE760TBM5XZ43XE9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	441	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		n/a	An immoral person could steal valuable information.	Could be helpful, but researchers could be immoral as well.			Seems slightly cruel to manipulate someone's social media site	I think they could learn something useful about themselves	Could learn something useful	
A2H4YTP2WXHT9P	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4NK0C7	Twitter	1798	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	The candidate did not opt-in and therefore should not have secret experiments performed on them.	If it were me, and I happened to notice my post was different than it used to be, I would think myself crazy knowing that I didn't post it like that, yet doubting myself.  To me, that is not good customer service - and if I am your customer (a Twitter user and you are Twitter), and I found out you did that to me without my permission, without me opting-in, I would look down on your company very much and would have a hard time continuing with your product after such an aggressive breach of trust.  I may not quit Twitter that day, but I do believe that the day I quit Twitter would end up being sooner than if that experiment had not happened.\r\n\r\nOne suggestion... Perhaps there could be a very large group of Twitter users who agree to be "beta testers" of the sort.  My company always asks its employees if they want to beta test new products.  This would be a bit different, but if you could get the buy-in (opting-in) from the Twitter users that they will be participating in random tests over time, then I would absolutely support it.  I envision the group as doing such a variety of random tasks (just like the randomness of HITs) that nobody would ever see this experiment coming.	Yes, for the same reason as above.	For the same reason above -- nobody opted-in.	Absolutely.  Under the condition that you explain it afterwards (which you already stated as your intention).	The candidate did not opt-in and therefore should not have secret experiments performed on them.	This is a tough one for me.  On the one side if you're a Twitter user then I'm pretty sure that if Twitter wanted to do something like this they would be well within their limits to do so.  So based on that fact, I'm okay with it.  On the other side, despite that Twitter may legally be allowed to proceed with such an experiment, once the public finds out it will end up creating a bit of controversy (specifically about privacy).  Odd timing because just this morning I heard of this exact experiment that happened on/by Facebook.  The morning DJs said Facebook, but they may have meant Twitter.  The "tone" behind the story (as read by the morning DJs) was not good - they were appalled that a company would experiment on their users like that.  For reference, the story was on Denver's 105.9 BJ and Jamie morning show, aired on 7/2/14. 	Sure, because they are opting-in by choosing that HIT.  Half of the HITs I work on are ambiguous and I'm often not quite sure what I'm doing or what the goal is.  So this would be no different.	I love the idea of doing a blind study on phishing, however there is no agreement from the students to partake in anything along these lines.  For example, your previous question had an experiment that used those that were submitting HITs.  In that case the candidate in question signed up for something called a HIT and they are being compensated.  In this example you are just playing research games with what I see as the public.  In simple terms, I don't feel that this should be approved because nobody has "opted-in."	Of course, there's nothing to lose.  No damage can come as a result of a simple test.
A2H54KSEI32I32	3D4CH1LGEAULZLX7ALK3VM4R5Q39GD	WithoutImprovingProduct	2668	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Any options that need to be done to stop spammer from destroying a person's security and well being should be research and put in place.  	The study will show how connection with friendships will be able to influence the behavior of that group based on the moods that has been set.    	Plans should always be put forth to make sure we all are protected as much as possible to prevent hacker's attacks.  	On going research will always be needing to fight against phishing attacks.  Anyone working against a person's security will always find ways to continue to be successful in causing mass destruction.  	After the research is done the participant would be advised of the deception and the purpose of not disclosing the reason for the deception.  The participant would definitely perform differently if they had any ideas of being under review.  	The researcher will not collect payments that the participant would place or other personal information.  The researcher would just record the activities being place on a website that is set up by a spammer.  This would be done to find ways to protect the innocent from being used and abused.  	Any time research is being done to help to explain the influence of a person's mood, this would help to continue to provide needed information about a person's decision making.	The study would not put the participant in any threat to attacks while using a password.  It would just serve the purpose of allowing researching ways to stop serious hackers from robbing personal information.  	After the participant become aware of the purpose of this research I would say that they would appreciate being part of trying to find a solution for future protection against phishing attacks.  	Participant would remain anonymous.  This would not pose a risk to the participant.  Any research done to help to alert a security concern would be helpful for the welfare and protection of the future security needs.  
A2H5DW7HEHZHFS	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LU4XU1	Control	515	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes		Too intrusive.		Much too intrusive.			Too intrusive.		Much too risky.	
A2H5FQFR4C014A	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR2VOJNP	NoAdvertising	830	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I'm worried about how ethical it is deceiving people and if there are some other dangers involved that might not be outlined.	I am nervous about possible ramifications with ads and information being sold so easily today, and am not sure if this study has any great benefits to it.			I think it is a good study and has some positive benefits to it.  I hope it leads to helping people be more aware of security risks	I wouldn't want them to be deceived by something like this 	I am worried about information being used by third-parties to try to target advertising and don't trust a promise.		It might cause the person to have some trust issues and I wouldn't want them to start second-guessing everything they were sent.	It doesn't seem to be harmful and looks like an interesting study that might be helpful in the future to try to help people be safer
A2H6XG5MS1WFFR	39N5ACM9HEORCYQ6D4AQPVIJ65H9PK	WithoutImprovingProduct	344	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Because of their identity and safety.			They would need to not use actual informatioin			Because whether or not facebook tries to hide the negative posts on facebook you'll eventually see it one way or another.		They would need to not use their actual information	
A2H7BU993SYRJG	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBB736N	InsertPosts	2237	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		They should just be careful with the data.	Nothing is wrong with this experiment.				I would not mind whether or not.	I wouldn't mind them being a candidate. 		
A2H7KN0MTYCGHG	3KMS4QQVK2RZ2HK33Y5A3AIVFUOFK1	NoAdvertising	901	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no		This is unethical because they did it without any person's consent, it would of been different if facebook users were aware.		It doesn't seem to be unethical unless someone actually loses money, so why not?			No		This experiment does not even need to involve humans in the first place. It can be done completely on the computer and is very risky even in an "experiment". Today with the fraud increase and the chance that anyone can be keylogging your computer is very probable.	Its the same as the last experiment.
A2H8GNSEVUJXYL	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0KATPA	UnnamedCompany	274	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2H8TNJZGYHL9Y	36TFCYNS44BP0DAGX78ZWP2ARKWHXA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	301	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes		It can make people happier.	Could become illegal if they save anything.				Could be interesting to see how they would react.	So that they learn if they are susceptible to be hacked.		
A2HAZ31FLG082R	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58FSN1V	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	712	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Yes, spammer are horrible. It would be beneficial to find out new and different way on how to stop them. 	You don't want to push someone into a serious depression but this is a very interesting study 	Same reasons as above. This questions is bit repetitive. 	Again, another example of how information about people's habits on the internet may help future attacks to happen. The information gained would be helpful. 	I usually ignore a lot of those security warning. Its be interesting to know which warning actually get a response. 	Yes, there seems to be relatively little risk for a participant. 	I think this is just a interesting study about how other's mood can affect our own or what we think is appropriate to share on social media	In light of all the recent security breaches, this would be a step in the right direction when it comes to educating people about how to keep with cyber information safe. 	As long as the student change their passwords after the experiment there is a little risk. 	There seems to be little risk associated with this study, there's no reason I can see not to do this. 
A2HC76DKYAQ8BD	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024C34MKZ	InsertPosts	960	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Even though as i stated before personal information would not be stored i would be hesitant possibly knowing that someone i send personal things to would be compromised as their computer may be compromised in some way. 	constantly seeing something negative or positive could have a great effect on someones outlook on life. 		as long as no one shares personal information 	i can see where this may "blow up in your face" as someone may actually find something critically wrong with their computer though unrelated to this study as they had become more aware to their privacy invasions on the internet. 	No personal information will be shared though im on the fence about knowing my loved one may have an infected computer and not know it. 		i see nothing wrong with this study	Seeing as they would be told they were in a type of study it wouldnt bother me as not being told at all. 	many people are blind to real risks on the internet. I believe this would be a good reminder of such. And since its not actually harmful i see it as a great lesson to be learned.
A2HD9CRZ4NQ61	36U2A8VAG105281Y8OXYSVPBL5WYKZ	NoAdvertising	776	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no					Would cause undue stress for the participant.	If they were going to purchase from a spammer anyway, then there is no increased risk to them in this case.	This experiment interferes with an individual's information, without their knowledge.  	If they give up their passwords so easily, then this will appraise them of the risks involved.	Participation will help educate the students as to the dangers of phishing, while doing no harm.	
A2HFZPSJRHFAXA	3V5Q80FXIXS95P0KUXY42574V3123V	UnnamedCompany	256	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes				They're using the participant's Facebook friends, which I feel is unethical.						
A2HGJ2XI9FR8H4	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4F0Y8WT	InsertPosts	174	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes		.								
A2HGPMZMDC9LFJ	39ZSFO5CA8XTAFBBG20XOVJLAWSUJD	WithoutImprovingProduct	559	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Im not sure it this would be legal but it sounds interesting	This might be a violation of privacy and offend some people, not me but maybe others	Educating people about how to protect themselves on the internet is important	This also seems like it might be an invasion of privacy and if done should be done with caution	Educating people about issues like computer security is important, especially since there are lots of viruses that can act like security software	The experiment seems harmless enough I dont think it would be a big deal	This seems harmless especially since the participants will be anonymous	Learning how to deal with threats on a computer is important, especially since many older people do not know any better and will believe almost anything on the internet	It seems harmless to me	Dealing with issues like this is a common problem for many people on the internet and I think that this could benefit many people
A2HJUGBAX6Q8W6	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOXWR7DT	WithoutImprovingProduct	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	I don't see a problem since they're not actually collecting payment information.	Participants in the group with a higher proportion of negative posts would needs to be watched carefully, to ensure that the study doesn't harm them.	I think there's some ethical issues with enticing people to type their passwords.	I think this violates students privacy by checking their Facebook friends, having them enter their passwords, and by having the university confirm if passwords are correct. Too many ethical issues to proceed.	I don't see any problems with it.		I think it could be interesting to see the effect that social media has on our moods.			I think a lot of people aren't careful with their online security, so this could be interesting.
A2HL8CCYCK9R5V	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMB1TM6P	Control	619	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes						I feel (and have no scientific basis for this) as though there are underlying risks with this experiment, but as long as they are fully understood, this should be allowed to continue. 				
A2HP27UQHP4TS9	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8F8F4MA	Twitter	410	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2HR7ZIX42FEPG	3OS46CRSLF0HZZL419GDBDGZ2UMV6W	WithoutPublication	768	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	feels too unethical			too unethical for my tastes						
A2HTN6CER3EXJO	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0I7T7Q	Twitter	811	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent	The researchers should absolutely advise participants at the end of the study that their personal information was not collected, that the store was disabled and that no purchases were actually made, and reveal the true purpose of the study.	There should be some way of performing this experiment that would not have possible deleterious effects on some users.	The researchers should be sure to reassure them that no passwords were actually stolen during the study, and that no identifying personal information was actually stored.	The researchers should not be able to confirm with the university whether the passwords are actually valid or not.			It is a form of manipulation that might injure some psychologically-vulnerable users.	yes, because it's important for people to learn how to protect themselves from password hacking techniques.		
A2HW5LMIPXDVO5	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJIOG59	NoAdvertising	4775	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes			Same as with the other similar studies, I don't see a purpose to finding out how successful certain methods of scams are. It would only increase potential scammers.		Seems like it would provide useful information.	It would be a waste of their time and I don't see a point to this study. See my next response for more details.			I don't believe in the purpose of this study.	
A2HXTXD0IMKUN0	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFP135U	Control	1003	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent				yes because they are not asking for personal info.		i would not like the idea of having my computer intellectually attacked.	because it would help the researchers collect data and the participants could remain anonymous.	because it would help the researchers collect data and the participants could remain anonymous.	Because the study would help analyze phishing attackers and they can remain anonymous.	because it would help the researchers collect data and the participants could remain anonymous.
A2I2A7N3OCPNW4	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCRWPRW	InsertPosts	422	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Participants need to be informed.	I'd be worried about this being a "breaking point" for someone who is already very sad.  I wouldn't want to further harm someone's psychological profile.  However, I think the study is important, because social media is such a big part of our lives at the moment -- it'd be a shame not to learn more.	Some level of deceit involved, but findings will be very helpful.	As long as passwords are not stored in any manner whatsoever.	Participants are debriefed, findings would be very helpful.	Participants need to be informed.			Research is great!	No lasting harm at all.
A2I4A4WGWII18Z	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADRRQ1Z	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	785	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no	This sounds very unethical to me, for reasons already explained above. The fact that they are planning to spoof especially disturbs me.	This is highly unethical. And I know Facebook has already done something like this, and am quite happy I've never had a Facebook account!	Because the person knows that they are involved in an experiment, and will later be told about the true purpose, it seems okay.	It seems very unethical, for reasons I said above. It seems unnerving to think someone might be performing experiences on us in everyday life, without our permission.	With this one, I'm not sure. I do appreciate that they'll explain at the end of the study with this one. But it still seems like a rather mean way to go about finding out how people respond to the warning.	The person who is involved in the study doesn't realize s/he is. This seems like a sneaky way to get information from people. It also involves spoofing, which is that the store doesn't really exist that the researchers have set up. And people will also never receive whatever they tried to order.	The people who are involved have no knowledge of it. It also seems extremely disturbing that they would try to alter people's moods in everyday life, without their knowledge.	This one sounds okay since the person involved knows he or she is involved in an experiment.	I feel this is misusing public information (a Facebook profile) and quite intrusive. It's also seeking passwords. People did not ask to be involved in the study. 	Even the warning of a security risk could cause someone to be upset and turn off their computer. In such an instance, they may never find out that there really was no real risk.
A2I5AE9G5XLZIK	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8NZV81	WithoutImprovingProduct	668	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2I669MRN370FX	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHHZXYH	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	787	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes						Individual choice	Each person has a right to decide for themselves	They should decide for themselves	Individual decision	
A2I7S2991CE4XO	3GLB5JMZFXWX2BAOM1P5HINHWBYGDH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1577	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think it sounds like a good experiment.		I see no reason to say "no" to them.	I think it sounds like a good experiment.	As long as the conduct of the research presents no possibility of harm to the participants, I see no reason to stop it.	I see no reason to seek that someone participate, or refrain from participation.	I don't care much about Facebook, and if those who use it don't mind being experimented on, I think it's fine.	It wouldn't matter to me. Why would it?	I think it sounds like a good experiment.	I would have no reason to want someone TO participate, or NOT to participate. It wouldn't matter to me, either way.
A2I938IFEH4AUE	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3GYDYCG	InsertPosts	562	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes			It's definitely something that needs to be studied. I would hope that the experiment would be designed so that the participants do not give up any real password, as that would be creating a vulnerability - regardless of the proposed security measures it still would create an unnecessary risk were real passwords involved. 	Once again it creates a vulnerability. Having divulged a password, no matter what the proposed security risks creates a probability that it could be compromised.				I would want them to know how to be prepared for such threats.	I would want them to be aware of that sort of threat.	
A2IA303OT5BBX0	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7WL9C9	WithoutPublication	1030	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	If you can notify the people that they have been spammed and their purchase has been denied and recorded.	I don't see that it harms anyone. We know they mess with our feed.	The more info they have the better programs they can develop to protect us.	Important data for them, wake up call for the participants	Our security is important.	They are being manipulated.	Facebook feels like that happens anyway. Posts are manipulated and I'm not sure I'm seeing all of their posts anyway.	They are protecting and revealing to the participants.	Maybe teach them to be careful.	They are taken proper precautions and disclosure. 
A2IABGWWDKRQS3	3RKNTXVS3MZJSOES7QW2ISI8LUGA4S	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	345	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2IAPQIHR58KNJ	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADSX1QI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	422	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	I'd say they can if they explain everything at the end and if no data is kept. 	I've actually heard about this being done before and am strongly against it.  It's emotional manipulation, and this shouldn't be done without consent. 	It's tricky because this type of thing would require consent, but I can see how consent messes it up. 	They should not be able to confirm with the university if the password is correct. 	No actual damage is being done. 					
A2IBKY1JN8Y7HO	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD20J6E3	UnnamedCompany	777	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no										
A2IDGOEKC48ZWP	31IBVUNM9S0DISEF22JH5JTCVTEFV8	InsertPosts	366	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A2IEQV4SCYZHO3	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RXB1MJR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1923	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2IFTMORNNXG62	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD4S8J1	Control	466	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	yes					Good learning experience	not sure	Many people uses this social network	Not convenient and able to perform duty 	Different preferences and can't decide	Informative and helpful to many computer users.
A2IGECVAX479LO	3FTOP5WARFPDUTZVIVMDZOVEU2MJ0N	WithoutPublication	828	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A2IIG6J6P3G50R	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EHC6K7F	Twitter	2041	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	no	There's a tiny chance someone will try to input their personal info and the researchers will get their hands on it somehow (maybe this person will put it in into an email to the fake company or something. This could happen because the hopeful buyer is unwise or in a sub-optimal state of mind. The researchers will need to make sure such things do not happen.	They should make some effort to make sure the participants are sound of mind. Don't want to try this on someone suffering from depressions I think.	This study does not tell us what exactly they'll gather (Facebook passwords? Bank passwords?) They need to be more specific.	It's just not right at least in my opinion.	Again, more details please.	The study does seem harmless enough. 	IF and this is a big if the participants give their consent I think this experiment will be ok. Otherwise this is not moral or ethical.	This one is even more morally dubious than the experiment that tried to get student school passwords since we don't know what site these researchers will be getting passwords for.	Tricking someone into giving up their password even for a benign cause strikes me as immoral.	Another study that's not too vague in it's description. What kind of "security warning" are we talking about? Your computer has been hacked? Your computer is sending out child porn? The building is under terrorist attack? Details people.
A2IKPU88PDQTMF	3D4CH1LGEAULZLX7ALK3VM4R5HXG9W	WithoutImprovingProduct	501	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Seeking to understand the economic infrastructure behind email spam is worthy but I believe that such research could be used to make more effective spam efforts so I believe that it should proceed with caution.		Since it helps to build better computer security. 							
A2IKS5HMNMK5LB	3VW6495TLJ10MDQFC3YP134MJM9YY2	UnnamedCompany	1156	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Frankly no as its both Unethical and Illegal!".....	Not Sure??????	Its not needed	Again its redundant as its always the mentally vague and stupid people who fall for this stuff sic!,.	Surely but only as long as no "Real Penetration" of the Computer or Violations of the firewall and security software take place sic!,.	No both as it would be wrong and under current Federal Law it would be illegal as we'll tho i suppose in an attempt to gain information to turn over to Law Enforcement it might be permissible, But I'd seek a Lawyers advise first?,.	Using 'Bogus Results' is always iffy at best and it would be hard to tell if the results were truly valid or not?,.	Actually it's of little use as it would be easier to ask to see the Police Files to gain the needed results as it would be a more Valid Result!,.	Again the study is not really needed as due to actual cases being known it would be rather redundant?, Wouldn't a better study be to try and test or promote higher intelligence and awareness among-st the general population as the usual victims are mostly the "Lazy and Ignorant" segments of the Population!.....	I trust the researchers but frankly despite all the fine words there is no real proof that the information will not be used by improper people, I mean both the government and the telecoms have been "Betraying" people for years so why not the University etc?,.....
A2IM25T4QY8JV2	3FUI0JHJPXZYQ7W3YXC9LFCW1PE330	UnnamedCompany	820	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	No because they are deceiving the participants and collecting information without their consent	They are not getting consent and are possibly manipulating people's moods		They are themselves conducting a phishing scam albeit without evil intentions	It sounds like they have planned the study appropriately	It sounds like participants are not informed of the research	No because there is no consent	the attempt to collect the passwords under false pretenses is wrong	No consent given or possible	It seems like a useful study and harmless
A2IQ08KLG9Q629	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR22FNJY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	729	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Sample size is not large enough and there are too many factors regarding the amount of spam emails an individual receives.								Participants are unaware that they have been selected to receive these phising emails.	
A2IRFAXQI96P3	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEMG9UN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2694	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The researchers must demonstrate to their IRB that they are not collecting financial data.	Both informed consent and debriefing are missing, and the risks are more than minimal for people with depression. However, other companies already do these A/B tests internally.	Even though deception is used, the risks seem minimal.	Informed consent was not obtained. However, obtaining consent may give away the researchers' intent and/or create a self-selection bias. If valid passwords are leaked by the researchers, the damage may not be worth the potential reward.	The deception is balanced by a debriefing, and the risks to participants seem minimal.					
A2IT4KXX0ZKX5Y	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RX5FJMQ	Twitter	1036	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	I don't know if the results would be used by companies/spammers to improve their techniques and make spam more effective/prevalent.	The data collected would be more valuable than the few people it inconvenienced, and to be honest if those users didn't like it they could stop using the service.	Same as above.	Same as above	Same as above.	If they're stupid enough to click through spam then they don't get to be upset.	Its really not that big of a deal.	Protecting people from hackers is more important than someones hurt feelings, and since they're not actually taking passwords its relatively harmless.	No one is getting hurt and if anything the research can only help others with regards to phishing and the experience itself would probably help my friend be more aware of these attacks.	Anything that makes people more vigilant about their computer security is good.
A2IW3WDQCUOMWU	3SKEMFQBZ36QN2AGVKZ4TI19SQ7K8L	InsertPosts	294	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes				Care must be taken to be ethically moral					I think I wouldn't want their information to be discovered	
A2IWK0GZWA16JP	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z676E4F	UnnamedCompany	683	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	The results could help produce software that will be helpful to consumers in the future.	The user may have important info about friends excluded that can affect their friendship off-line.			The results can lead to security warning changes that can benefit all computer users.					
A2IWXY9C7ZN2HS	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6ERHAX7	WithoutPublication	373	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A2IXTD6OO51UXI	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68PQDV06	WithoutImprovingProduct	1220	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Facebook has become to big of a company, with too many users to play games with people. If they are not careful, they will start losing users	I think a study like this could be done, but the risks would have to be carefully considered	This is asking for trouble. I would think a similar study could be done that would not put people's passwords at risk.		Although I dont really understand how this one works, it might be good for a less savvy computer person to see how they can be fooled in a safe environment.	Facebook has been doing this kind of tinkering lately, I've heard. I am not a fan of this.	There is not enough information about the risk involved in this study to make a good judgement call		A better question would be if I cared, or if I would be bothered if someone I cared about were a candidate. I would say no, a study like this doesn't seem to pose any real risks
A2IY4Z79FRNF7N	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGV8XT94	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	906	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It seems too risky of an experiment.			It could be really beneficial.	It could be extremely beneficial.		This experiment seems like it would make the person look depressed and such, if they are excluding a fraction of the positive posts. 		Does not seem to have any risk towards the participant.	It doesn't seem as if this experiment would have any negative side effects to the participant.
A2J3V8AJ1Z0921	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYQ14HU	InsertPosts	267	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		I think it's potentially psychologically dangerous.	It could go either way. There definitely should be independent oversight.	Seems less invasive than other potential experiments.						
A2J5DN5UMU0A3Z	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F5VO2Q7	WithoutImprovingProduct	623	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A2J5N770I859WE	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X6HUH5	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	382	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no		People who are simply using Facebook are not aware that they are consenting to an experiment, and the experiment is unethical without obtaining informed consent.	They should make sure that the typed passwords are disposed of, since many users may use passwords that they actually use for their accounts.	It is unethical to use the identities of the students' friends to deceive them.						
A2J6T9ELNZ97JH	3ERMJ6L4DYTHDC506RKEUVXI6DJM7W	Control	662	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent		I don't trust facebook				It seems that there are pluses minuses to this experiment. The research subjects are deceived, but probably not harmed. So I have mixed feelings.	I don't trust facebook.	I sometimes find it difficult to trust universities.	Not enough protections for the participant.	I would not want to decide for someone else, but I think the research is harmless.
A2JAK7A44RN2EM	30MVJZJNHMEVQNN8IR56SZW7XI0J97	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no	The information that would be gathered from this experiment would not benefit mankind.  It is unnecessary.	It provides no scientific value.  How would they know which users are psychologically vulnerable?	For the reasons above, but if participants were notified, that would be fine.  I think that people are already hyper vigilant on the internet.	I do not see how an experiment such as this benefits mankind.  It is not really a science experiment.	I am beginning to suspect that this is such an exercise, but if it is, then I am giving my permission to be used by continuing to participate.  I believe that the experiment is unnecessary.	I would not want them to be manipulated, and then data on them to be used.	I do not want to see my loved ones manipulated.  I believe that people should be given the option to participate or not, before the fact.	Again, I do not like to see people the subjects of experiment without their permission.  	I do like that the students would have the opportunity to have their data excluded and give comments.  	I wold not want them to be manipulated without their permission.
A2JCRZQJILTT95	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9L0S8S	Control	530	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent			The researchers would have to be eminently trustworthy and/or the experiment would have to somehow be conducted with fake passwords, otherwise this would be password theft and not simply an experiment.					If they are careful, they will not have their passwords "taken". If they are not careful, they will have their passwords "taken" but with no lasting effects, and this will perhaps teach them to be more careful in future and how to avoid falling prey to attacks.		
A2JD21A8QF771G	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQY12O2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	540	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Just curious of the effectiveness of spam	Happiness! 	In a monitored environment	Monitored for deletion of actual sensitive information	Educate the public!	Spam stores need income too, even if it is through such bottom feeder means.	I would prefer the spreading of happiness at all times	Password security is serious and would like my friends and family to be better educated on it.	Another security issue the public should be educated on	Many people fall for these actual threats often
A2JE4M1QAYGHHJ	3FPRZHYEPY8I2GYMI7IF4A4FS1D3VN	WithoutImprovingProduct	294	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A2JEDCGN88FSKL	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0NPN2Z	WithoutImprovingProduct	259	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no								This would benefit everyone in making securer passwords.		
A2JFH6UKUUXSHH	3LBXNTKX0RWWL7SXZVK7J84M87MX9Y	Twitter	422	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A2JFIVLWKTCSB2	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIO4SJE7	NoAdvertising	175	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A2JGSSRI6SJ8P6	3EFVCAY5L3AVCI4YDZZSS31WD4F8JO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1847	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes		It is a close call for me.  I am troubled, but also sometimes think the pendulum has swung too far in protecting the experimented on especially in the University setting.		Consult a lawyer, even if ethical this migh tbe illegal.  But I trust the researchers not to abuse the information gained.						
A2JH0RNM80RAYR	3NKQQ8O39Y6G7TBJ66EMLXO85H3UDH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	482	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	indifferent		No, they should be allowed to get their friends & family's messages without interference.	There is a potential for abuse	Safeguards are needed to make sure no one uses the passwords they obtain.			They are interfering with people's personal accounts.		It might help them to take phishing seriously.	
A2JIJ66WUDYR17	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VBIHKM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	473	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	There isn't any harm in this experiment.	The conclusion of the experiment would be very interesting.	Not many people would believe that their data was really not stolen and may disagree with the necessity of the study.		No harm can really be done as long as the researchers make sure the health and stability of the participants are okay.		There is no harm to the participant.	Sensitive data is involved in this study		I wouldn't want someone I cared about to think they were in a security risk when they are not.
A2JLNI234KEKKE	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK05127E	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	304	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2JO9CY2QXHHEW	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6LE377	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	360	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						I feel like this would be far more humiliating for the participant than previous choices				
A2JOR5PFVZGCST	3K5TEWLKGVCXSJG53AP28G64BS6VIT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	724	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes			I believe they should be allowed to proceed, but no passwords shall be stored in any manner, encrypted or plain text. The page that participants type into should not send any of the information to anywhere.	Passwords should not be gathered in anyway. The fake page should just tell whether something was entered or not. It should not "use the university's systems to verify that the passwords entered were valid passwords."						
A2JP8W265WCC35	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII05KFJY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes										
A2JPAVVZ5KGVHC	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMWB6Z8W	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	453	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A2JQA3CSUUDD2B	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FN8RXZQ	Twitter	444	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent						Seems like a big headache 	No risk		Good way to help people who dont know about phishing	
A2JQXG75VCPBDY	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7T5DZ0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	561	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	The information found will be very helpful 	There doesn't seem to be any risk 		They aren't doing anything risky and the information found will be helpful	This research will be beneficial in the future 	It seems safe and the more results recorded would allow for a greater help of all internet users. 	The experiment seems safe, however I wouldn't really mind if they did or didn't participate. 		I think it seems relatively safe	This seems safe and won't cause any harm
A2JRAGFQHBBO0D	3QRYMNZ7FYIATSN7VV2FC6E00ZFNT2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	772	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	It is worthwhile information to collect.	Yes, it's interesting and non-invasive.	Several measures need to be put in place to protect the passwords collected.	Careful to not abuse passwords/university systems.	As long as participants sign a contract that covers all of these potential issues.	There is no risk for the participant.	No drawbacks to having someone participate; if anything, it could improve their mood.	Just to be safe, I would not want to participate in the experiment because my password would be jeopardized (assuming I fell for the hackers trick, and despite the fact that the passwords would not be stored).	Password security would be compromised.	I wouldn't oppose it, since I do not oppose any of the proposed measures, but I don't necessarily support it since the person may resent being deceived.
A2JRTSI4EFM9S5	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP7Z9B8	NoAdvertising	1710	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I SAY THIS BECAUSE IT WILL ULTIMATELY HELP INDIVIDUALS, BUT THEY WOULD DEFINITELY HAVE TO BE CAREFUL THAT NOTHING LEAKS	make facebook a better social experience	YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL WITH PEOPLES INFORMATION	because this will help computer users and give them helpful information	you have to be careful with the information you are collecting	THAT WOULD REALLY BE THE DECISION OF THAT PERSON AND NOT ME.	this study doesnt really mean much to me	BECAUSE THIS HAPPENS WAY TO OFTEN AND SOMEONE NEEDS TO FIGURE OUT A GOOD WAY TO PREVENT IT	because they will be able to understand spamming and phishing at the end of the study	this would make websites safer
A2JRYOPWNS62C9	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBHU4JM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1280	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	It's a little dangerous.  The hackers could out smart you!	Yea but I would be careful with negative post on the interest.  Could be dangerous if a person was a little unstable.	It would be good to expose stuff like that this.	I like this one very much.  So many people think that email is really from a friend or someone else they trust.	Yea it would be good to show people that don't know what one looks like.	Most people I know wouldn't want to be involved.	I don't get this study so would be hard to say someone i know should join.	It would help them learn	Everyone should know about phishing.  Some people just don't pay attention what comes in their email.	It wouldn't matter to me because people go to websites they want to.
A2JTDTGLA7IZ0L	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01RYTA4	Control	448	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent		If people opt in then yes if not then no		Obviously they need to be sensitive to others feelings			No because I don't want people I care about to be an experiment, I want them to have what they post to show up	It is a good way to teach people about tricks that are used and the dangers that exist	I think this type of experiment is important to actually know what type of emails can trick people and to inform people about the dangers of phising	
A2JTVD38NLFT6S	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV382HIM	InsertPosts	338	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no			it may be dangerous					They may not understand		
A2JVT2RPN7POLG	3HVVDCPGTET45RRL2XBQTMC74JZYTJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1089	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I don't think its right to trick people who haven't volunteered for this study. I also think it sets a bad precedent to allow researchers to essentially become part of a spammers botnet in the name of research. 	I don't think its right to mess with someone's social media account as part of an experiment unless they volunteer for it. I also don't think facebook should be in the business of censoring posts to "protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users". 	I'm not sure how I feel about this one. On one hand if they are volunteering for the study (even if they are being lied to about the actual purpose) I could see this being ok. On the other hand I could see how such a study could get out of control and leave some data vulnerable. 	I don't think its right to trick someone into being part of an experiment even if the results may be helpful.	I could see this not working out well. If I were to see a security risk warning pop up during a HIT I would most likely close my browser, flush my cache, and run a malware/virus scan then return the HIT not finishing it. This would have to be designed in such a way so that doesn't happen but that would probably invalidate the results. 	I don't think its right to trick people who haven't volunteered for this study. I also think it sets a bad precedent to allow researchers to essentially become part of a spammers botnet in the name of research. 	I don't think its right to mess with someone's social media account as part of an experiment unless they volunteer for it. I also don't think facebook should be in the business of censoring posts to "protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users". 	I'm not sure how I feel about this one. On one hand if they are volunteering for the study (even if they are being lied to about the actual purpose) I could see this being ok. On the other hand I could see how such a study could get out of control and leave some data vulnerable. 	I don't think its right to trick someone into being part of an experiment even if the results may be helpful. 	I could see this not working out well. If I were to see a security risk warning pop up during a HIT I would most likely close my browser, flush my cache, and run a malware/virus scan then return the HIT not finishing it. This would have to be designed in such a way so that doesn't happen but that would probably invalidate the results. 
A2JVZUU107CL6Y	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3O06S6	WithoutPublication	761	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Very intrusive, dishonest and not sure in the end why the results would be of value to anyone other than hmmm...the spammers themselves? Would recommend not proceeding.	Disgusted with the entire concept.	NO! I don't trust the researchers to maintain the data of collected logins, passwords and what other details are collected. And oh...they could be hacked themselves.	Dishonest, dangerous and scam artists will likely misuse your findings.		I would not want someone I cared about to be a part of this creepy sounding, Facebook-like study at all! I understand scientific curiosity but this experiment seems wrong to me.	Absolutely not cool and sickens me that this goes on or is thought about.	I think it would be a bad idea and wouldn't want someone I cared about duped into this thing.	Don't like the premise and dishonesty in the whole thing.	
A2JWJ9NLWJNV2P	3HOSI13XHZPUQR0XKBOXBXKKJKYDDM	InsertPosts	269	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	3YMTUJH0DSHO7KD1DQNJDX809G04T0	WithoutPublication	750	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	It's good that they're not collecting personal info but it seems vaguely unethical to not notify people they're not really buying things. 	It's manipulating users' content without their permission for an unimportant person. People do not need Facebook to monitor and exclude things that might affect their mood. It takes away personal choice. 	As they're not actually stealing the passwords, it seems fine. 	It seems like an experiment that could potentially damage personal relationships.	It doesn't seem harmful. 	I'm unsure about the safety of the experiment. 	It's manipulative. 	The experiment doesn't seem harmful. 	I don't know how someone else will react to things. 	It doesn't seem harmful. 
A2JXV7VSYJLJCL	3U5NZHP4LR3KR48PBGYI2CG7PJ8PHB	WithoutPublication	434	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A2K22KOFTBQIMC	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ4Y9FMU	NoAdvertising	483	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	yes		Excluding some things that would normally appear feels too invasive, though rationally everything about facebook is too invasive.	I don't think it's right to collect people's actual passwords, even if the data isn't stored.					I don't want anyone I care about giving out their personal passwords to anyone, even researchers.	This sounds like a really interesting study to me, but I could see reasons why someone wouldn't want to be included. I would personally do it, but I can easily see why someone would be uncomfortable...It should be up to the individual.	This doesn't seem to be divulging any sensitive data about the participant 
A2K25R7MN7WKX	36PW28KO4ZX1KQBLWW8FREUZYGNEA9	NoAdvertising	292	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A2K2T23JWSB8R4	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD2X86EM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	154	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2K6YRE01WICBE	37Z929RLG99795FC3RJ1B0O6N18TSB	NoAdvertising	676	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent				I see no real harm in the study.				Human nature being what it is, passwords are just too sensitive to be exposed to even the most seemingly trustworthy of people, whether the passwords are stored or not. 		
A2K7UGDYBOCDVB	3WR9XG3T63C19MGU0NKI81GIKNT47G	WithoutImprovingProduct	169	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	no										
A2K9KUVWQWZAU3	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6MI73H	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	425	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no			Data integrity issues	unethical and risk of data breach		Unethical and security issues may not be controlled.	Unethical	Only if there was no way that passwords could be entered	Data integrity issues	Most people will not make it to the end of the experiment, and may think they actually have a virus.  Could be additional expense involved.
A2KD1OZMH8ERI7	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPY5403W	Control	5645	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It would give them valuable information 	they would get useful information	They would get useful information	they will gain useful information	It isn't dangerous and the results will be helpful	It wouldn't harm them or their computers.	it wouldn't harm them	It wouldn't harm them	They wouldn't be harmed, and may become more cautious	why not? it isn't dangerous and it would help the computer community
A2KDMB59E1UN26	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AQSY3K	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	568	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Gaining too much personal information of unwitting participants.			Most universities "own" email accounts and all contents therein.			Manipulative.			
A2KEEU97SY67BK	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1M1JGM	UnnamedCompany	394	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		It is helping people in the long run					It is benefiting people in the long run so the short term effects are fine			
A2KFOOEQWGN0GK	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGNDQ72	WithoutPublication	3634	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes						It's deceptive and has little scientific merit.				
A2KHO78RUT3C0G	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5NA1BWL	WithoutPublication	541	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	This shouldn't be allowed its risking people's private information saved on their machines.	I would be curious too as to the findings.	Some researchers could be dishonest and then use this information for unrelated matters.	Its a serious breach of someone's privacy.	Thats how they can only test out their hypothesis.	Someone accessing my computer remotely is a breach of my privacy.	This looks to me like a fair experiment that doesn't risk any privacy violations	This is an actual risk as someone reveals their password.	This involves actually revealing one's password thus poses a risk.	I believe the pool should be as random as possible therefore they should choose any participant.
A2KHV2D09JAWPC	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE7W4S4F	Control	474	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	it's deceptive and not fair to the people being studied	yes, as long as the peoples account affected understand what is happening	the user always has to know they are part of an experiment so they can choose to opt out	they shouldn't be tricking people with real email accounts	there needs to be stringent protocols in place to make sure that users don't do anything unwarranted in connection to the security warning	you can't use people without letting them have the choice to opt out	yes, it would be interesting to see the outcome	it's a case of crying wolf and may have unintended results	it seems too risky	it may make people do things they otherwise wouldn't have which might compromise their computer
A2KI0FDBL0BC32	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUB1Z56	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1458	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Exposure of networks to unpredictable risk as well as involuntary participation of participants.	The risk of litigation on publication of results ought to be too great a risk.		I don't see how involuntary participation in a predatory experiment could possibly be justified as ethical. Vis. the trouble Facebook is having at the moment with their "mood adjustment" study, which is probably more ethical than what's going on here.			Their participation is involuntary.	Inducing people to reveal active access information would be unethical regardless of whether it was collected or not.	Consider that while we know some test subjects in the Millgram experiments reacted positively to their having been deceived, we don't know whether they personally changed their behavior.	
A2KJHPO5XPM3UJ	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I602OQH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	824	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	This may run afoul of federal anti-spam laws, I have no idea.  I'm sure you have a better sense than I do.  		Yes, subject to the constraints in my prior response.  	Tests like this, IMO, should be more controlled.  They should specifically involve passwords that aren't real using resources that aren't real.  And if the passwords absolutely had to be real, they should never be stored or used in any way, even if to verify legitimacy.  	I participated in something remotely similar.  It was a "game" study that involved a fake Silverlight installation popup.  It was quite clearly fake.  But the deception here was terribly unfair.  The HIT paid terribly and only did it because someone said it was just playing games for fun.  It was not.  If you're going to proceed with this, please make sure the compensation is more than fair given the deception.	Again, I'd want to see if they fell for it so that they could improve their security habits, if possible.		I would want them to see the techniques used and be able to try to avoid them in the future.  Most people I know aren't very savvy about this kind of stuff.  I wouldn't want them to participate, though, if it attempted to trick them using sensitive passwords.  I would expect the test to include some kind of new/specialized site with specific instructions to not choose a password commonly used on other sites for their own protection.	Since this involves real passwords that are being stored, no, I would not.  There would be too much potential for abuse and overlap with other passwords the user is currently using.  	
A2KLAT6KTN96H1	3A1COHJ8NJWZLC98PZW7GQLH0IKH8D	Twitter	202	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2KND90N44FK0	3PEIJLRY6TU7X355S6UZXSCX67GXWV	Twitter	509	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Having participants in an experiment without their knowledge or consent is wrong.	Manipulating people's emotions is wrong.	It has good intentions, but still may anger some people.	Seems to be for the benefit of the people in the study.	It has the possibility of making some people angry about being deceived.	It feels as though they are being taken advantage of without being informed.	Manipulating posts from other users is wrong, and so is trying to control the emotions of people.	I would hope the person I cared for would not divulge any personal information.	Again, prior knowledge of a study would allow someone to either choose to participate or not.	It is still deceiving, but again, with good intentions.
A2KPT0PEUEXCC4	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO5XF62N	NoAdvertising	619	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	As long as no privacy was invaded this could be beneficial. I hate spam emails!	As long as no privacy is invaded and things are kept cautious, sure.	Too dangerous in my opinion.	I'm not sure, it could be dangerous.	It could be beneficial but I would be cautious.		I think as long as the person was willing to do the experiment that would be ok.	I feel this is too dangerous and risky.	This is too risky in my opinion.	
A2KQYU7BYF674F	373ERPL3YO9V8QFZO2JWLQJA1YITRE	WithoutPublication	785	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	 consiquences may vary	never know the outcome....	it might offend some people...never know.	if it helps better the safety then who am i to stop them?	never know what might happen.	really do not care	i dont really get into peoples lives.	i really dont get into my friends' buisness.	i really think its their own buisness,so i think they should decide despite my opinions.	dont really care about others buisness.
A2KVAZ7FH5KM8E	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHJTAQZ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	437	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	It might be useful to someone				Web security is a big deal	I ignore spam anyway, this experiment doesn't really seem useful	I do not use Facebook very much	security is import on teh web and with passwords	I do not fall for phishing	Web security is a big deal
A2L1UTZDQDCVN2	37U1UTWH9VNCA6NBL481UUNNNJ9R8V	UnnamedCompany	903	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		Care should be taken to filter the emotionally unstable from the experiment to prevent unnecessary loss.								
A2L216TYMT1SZQ	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBY0J90X	Twitter	936	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	Once again, they are not doing harm to anyone and the information is kept anonymous so I do not see any reason that the experiment should not be allowed to proceed.	Nobody would be harmed in the experiment and we could potentially learn some valuable things about social media and psychology.	While it would be a good idea to perform this experiment, participants might learn how to steal passwords from others.	This experiment could raise awareness about phishing scams so that students could be more aware of this type of attack in the future.	I believe that people might act drastically and completely reset their Operating System when it is not necessary.	There is no threat to the candidate so I would not mind if that person were a participant in the experiment.	This would be an interesting experiment and nobody would be harmed by the data gathered.	This experiment would once again be valuable to those who I care about by teaching them how to avoid this type of theft in the future.	Yes, this experiment would teach someone I cared about a valuable lesson about phishing scams so that they would not become victim to one again.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about as a candidate for this experiment because I believe it would cause them a great amount of stress.
A2L2BHOKM9VTR1	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9U6FBPT	UnnamedCompany	257	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2L2OJ069EHLQB	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOBYXQL8	WithoutPublication	1347	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent						It seems harmless but it also doesn't seem like the study has a great deal of purpose.	It seems like too much interference; too much tampering to have someone try to mess around with the posts. I wouldn't want to encourage negative thoughts and posts. 	I can understand the purpose of the study but it makes me a bit leery to have things done without knowledge or consent beforehand.	I think the benefits outweigh the risks in this case. Phishing is a very real issue and can cause lots of damage.  	It may make someone unnecessarily nervous, but I can understand the reason behind the study.
A2L2P8RVIAJC8D	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTS0S91	InsertPosts	1139	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Participants would be caused possible future harm by not learning from their experience (not being told), plus they would be in an experiment without consenting.	Participants never consented and were never informed of their participation.	I do think they should give participants a chance to withdraw their data at the end. 	They need to balance the lying and the positive outcomes of the study more.  	There are no ethical dilemmas. It is handled well.	The experiment starts off ethical, but then they never inform the participants that they were in the experiment, crossing the line into being non-ethical.  	No consent is given to use this data.	This is an ethical study because deception is used purposefully, participants are notified, and the passwords are not stored.	It crosses the line when it accepts their passwords and checks to make sure they are real.  That isn't a necessary part of the study and doesn't make the lying ethical.	
A2L3MQ65OLYV35	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRCPECPW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	457	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes									Unsure of how many people have access to the password used if they ended up being "phished". They might use the same password for multiple sites and im not sure if theres 2 or 100 people with the data.	
A2L3TU04PQ346A	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEHN10IW	UnnamedCompany	643	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think that as long as they aren't taking actual payment this could be helpful.	I think that researchers should be allowed to intervene for the sake of study but with limits to doing so. 	They aren't hurting anyone or taking any passwords and it could be beneficial	As long as no information is being shared I see no reason why this shouldn't be allowed.	I think this experiment would be absolutely fine for researches to conduct.	I also think this would be beneficial so that people may realize the difference between real emails and spam.	Again, I wouldn't have a preference. It wouldn't really matter to me.	It really wouldn't matter to me if they were included or not, it would be entirely up to that person.	I think this could really benefit people and make them more aware of this happening.	It doesn't make a difference to me.
A2L4E1RH4N6CRC	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD21H6E3	NoAdvertising	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes			I don't think its fair for the participants, it has the potential to cause mental harm with people who are sensitive with "trust issues"	Again, I think that all we need to do is have our email companies provide phishing protection built in to the browser; Also, I can't imagine that it will be approved by a irb board, however i don't know!				I don't want any of my close friends or family to be "deceived"	The last thing I need is for any of my student friends calling me at the IT desk about a  phishing attack, This is a breach of privacy	
A2L6U8CCRM94FD	3LRKMWOKB5IAQI7DF4TD66CJAYO2ZG	Twitter	709	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent	This one sees a little risky - messing around with people's intended purchases and their money.	I don't agree with this experiment unless the subjects were informed ahead of time.	Again, this is the type of experiment that has validity/serves an eventual purpose for the participants.	I see no real risk based on the above explanation, and I understand the validity of such and experiment, so I think it should be allowed.			This one seems more invasive and serves no real purpose for the participants.  With the others, increasing internet security was involved.	As long as this is a truly legitimate experiment.	Again, there is no real risk posed, so I wouldn't mind if someone I cared about were involved.	It sounds like there is no real risk, so I wouldn't mind if someone I knew was involved.
A2L7UCKZXAGENY	3U5JL4WY5KAVO1MLI0OG20T6MCPX4D	WithoutImprovingProduct	242	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Awful experimentation	In the event they figure something is going on			A bit deceptive, but it still teaches us to be aware	This has a lot of implications the spammer may have a more elaborate scheme in store	It does not do much harm			Really the trickery is not that bad
A2L8D89PRFK5FC	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED65L5EZ	Twitter	385	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent		If participants are unaware, I think it would be a form of censorship. If they are aware of their participation, I think the knowledge might affect their tweeting patterns.					It is unclear whether or not the participants are aware they are a part of this study.	I think the information gathered could be useful for internet safety education	Seems dishonest.	It feels manipulative.
A2L8QT3KJTXN9V	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PMF0DO	NoAdvertising	559	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think it is unethical to never make participants aware that they are participating. I think that they should be informed afterwards.	As long as they get informed consent.	I think that the deception is reasonable and unlikely to cause undue harm	I don't think it's ethical to impersonate a participant's friend like that.	I think the deception is reasonable, and the goal of the research is a good one.	I think this is unethical	I wouldn't mind if the person didn't mind		This seems like a lot of deception.	
A2LBQGPOJJIUKE	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH83QLXA	NoAdvertising	588	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The dangers of stupidity are vast. Also having high knowledge of these things to make sure that the infection is completely gone, otherwise you could be infecting your network and those who connect to it.	There is nothing wrong with it.	There are those who learn and those who won't. Some will complain about being deceived, others will probably try to sue because their computer is already contaminated and the blame will be placed on the researcher.	Again, people can be extremely dumb.	Some people will believe it's real and will exit the survey/study without a proper return and that could affect their account rates.	As long as the researcher was from a trusted resource.	Because it's a harmless research question with an interesting outlook.	Because it would teach them, hopefully, how easy and manipulatively deceiving hackers can be. 	Good learning experience.	Good learning experience
A2LCFORIW0NF1S	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RGW7VBT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	347	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A2LCW64BZ80ANT	3R2UR8A0IAHZSUW31K3PGYZB3FTOX6	Control	1699	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	The assumption made is that business the spam email directs to is not legitimate. In many cases, it is the email service that is commissioned by the business to generate leads that is responsible for spam related viruses. This methodology could potentially cause serious harm to a legitimate business.	I believe that it is unethical to submit people to a psychological experiment without first gaining informed consent.	Once entered, data is captured in some form or another, whether the intent to record it exists or not. I wold not support this type of study unless the end result were to make phishing more difficult. Publishing the results of what percentage of online users are deceived does not meet that criteria.	Sufficient research exists to show how to recognize and avoid phishing attacks.		The methodology proposed does not have anything to do with technical or policy approaches to stopping spam.	I do not believe that the methodology behind this experiment would produce reliable data. Positive and negative are terms of perception.	It already happens. Many HIT's are not for the purpose they seem. 	This appears to be very unethical in the sense that the subjects are potentially going to divulge sensitive personal information without informed consent that they are participating in a research study. 	As long as presenting this security warning does not involve changes to the participants computer, I have no problems with this.
A2LED8I3C6E0X0	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIO3NJE0	Twitter	1122	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	The potential for abuse is high, and it's treading a fine line in pursuit of knowledge.	The experiment could inflict lasting harm on interpersonal relationships (thinking a friend forgot your birthday, etc).	The knowledge gained might be beneficial, but there's potential for abuse in a rogue researcher actually storing the passwords.	I don't think it's a good idea to set the precedent that that phishing email you got from who appears to be your friend is actually just a university study. It kind of undermines the seriousness of phishing, and reinforces the notion that nothing too bad will happen if you "just enter your password on the wrong site".	See above	The experiment itself seems mildly unethical (lack of informed consent) but at the same time it's fairly harmless and may provide useful knowledge.	Purposefully tinkering with people's relationships non-consensually crosses a line.  	Ultimately harmless, but the ethics are kind of questionable again.	Similar to the previous (spam) experiment, it's ultimately harmless, but is of dubious ethics.	It's an absolutely terrible idea to set the precedent that any "security message" a website may give you is even possibly legitimate. I can not recall a single time a website has a had a "secruity warning" where the warning itself wasn't an attack vector. Note that I'm not talking about browser-side warnings like SSL certificates not lining up.
A2LEOSNF3YIXCU	32VNZTT0A75BR50991IODI7ILWV4RH	UnnamedCompany	497	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A2LEY4X3LD8G26	3EA3QWIZ4IWIFRCGYFPN7YIJEZFTIK	Twitter	3567	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I don't think it's ethical to conscript participants unwittingly.	This is a form of psychological manipulation that people shouldn't engage in.	I don't think people should be faking computer attacks as research.	Doesn't seem ethical to pretend to phish for people's information.		I wouldn't want them to be inconvenienced. 				
A2LGDJ5PRMDXFK	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0ER708Z	Twitter	163	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes			Just be careful and make sure everyone knows whats going on.					It doens't matter to me. Doesn't seem like they will get hurt.		
A2LGPIUDQ52USN	32SVAV9L3FAYASVO7CRJ8NQ27073AZ	Control	194	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A2LH23V4EB1LB4	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGVD5T9M	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	726	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes		Again, no consent. You're altering and affecting someone's reality for little to no gain on their part. You are impacting their lives, and you'll be unable to debrief them afterwards. This is unethical and shouldn't be done as a study. There are other alternatives to finding if someone's moods impact those around them.	This one seems...more prone to backfiring. Not only could this cause people distress, an immense amount of trust needs to be put on the researchers. Even with assurance that everything is anonymous, it might still cause people to be uneasy and they might feel as if their security was actually threatened.	Again, with passwords. I don't think they should be allowed to validate the answers, nor should they have access to them. The site, after a submitting of a password, should include a debriefing and an informational portion about the dangers of phishing. The study could then go on to open the blog and allow people to take out their data, if they felt it necessary to preserve their sense of security.	People should definitely be debriefed. This is trickier since it involves a level of deception that could cause people some amount of distress during.	How are they going to be found out in a study that just looks at the empirical data? As long as it's kept anonymous, truly anonymous, no one is really at risk here to be harmed.	There's no consent here.			Again, it's anonymous, and helpful to understanding how people react.
A2LJ3UUL4HS5MP	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII099JFZ	WithoutImprovingProduct	336	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2LJTI1M3LKXFG	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8ECJWZ6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1188	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	While the researchers have good reason for not divulging information about the experiment to the participants during the experiment I believe they should be required to tell the participants about it afterward to give them the option the exclude themselves if necessary. It's an ethical matter.	Access to one Facebook account allows access to their Friends' Facebook accounts making it extremely unethical. The person in the experiment may have consented but their Friends did not.	It's important that the passwords not be cached, viewed, or stored in any way.	The researchers would be given access to numerous student accounts so if they were to continue with the study there should be safeguards in place to prompt students to change their passwords as soon as the researchers have verified the validity of the entered passwords.	There's no harm in completing an experiment of this type.	If someone wanted to participate I would not stand in their way.	The information available through Facebook is already a security risk. I would not encourage someone I care about to allow researchers access to their Facebook page and, therefore, all of their Friends' Facebook information.	As long as the passwords are hashed and not stored there would be no harm in this experiment.	I would not want to participate in the study because I don't feel comfortable allowing researchers that type of access to my account. If a friend of mine were a candidate I would likely tell them my concerns but it would not matter to me if they wanted to participate.	While the ethics around deceiving participants is questionable, I see no real harm done in the experiment and I can understand it's value.
A2LKZXFNJAKPA3	36AHBNMV1RDXO2VOG7BBOIUL10LYDG	InsertPosts	678	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	This experiment is way too manipulative. 	Even if the subjects are anonymous, there is no real guarantee of this. Facebook workers are not a qualified scientific entity. 	This is to benefit users, hopefully, and no personal info is actually hacked. 	Participants have the option to decline afterwards. 	The initial response would be too uncomfortable for participants who don't consent to that beforehand. 	There is too much deception going on in the experiment. Too many levels of deception. 	I think that there is too much information being gathered about us already via the internet, and I don't care for the manipulation involved. 	Too many people I know are vulnerable to these scams. 	Yes, because it would teach the user a lesson at the end by notifying them of their participation. 	Participating in the experiment would greatly upset people I know. 
A2LLDHWUCKEVGO	3PEIJLRY6TU7X355S6UZXSCX68VXWC	NoAdvertising	371	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	I don't believe that it is morally wrong because they are not taking people's money. 	I don't think it's right to tamper with this information. 	They are performing a study without imposing actual risk. 	I can't decide on whether or not this is safe enough to go through with. 	I believe that it is okay to do this to collect data.	It is anonymous and doesn't actually collect payment. 	They shouldn't hide information from anyone in regards to their Facebook friends.	They are not actually storing information or passwords.	I don't believe that they should lead them to phishing sites.	They are in no real danger and there is no real risk. 
A2LLZPT7WXQ84R	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7NER93	NoAdvertising	704	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Dealing with spam email is always a tricky situation and would require monitoring to make sure the survey is implemented as intended	I would not want to be automatically made part of such a study without having an option to opt out first.		I would worry about the security of the collected passwords						
A2LMN2EX9DA7AS	3RXPCZQMQPC3AGUC685AGGM876HG1X	InsertPosts	936	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	If the spammers don't do what they are supposed to do, this experiment could cause a lot of problems.	I think it is interesting, and I don't really see how it could cause any harm.\r\n	They must make sure that the passwords are not recorded or compromised.			If everything in this experiment is well controlled, there should be no danger.	I don't see how it could hurt the person.		Going through a person's social media contacts and impersonating someone is wrong.	
A2LPRUXRREYKGO	3HQUKB7LNFFSENA1S3QDT3EG3VTHHZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1006	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes						That could be too costly for someone especially if they work from home, or conduct any type of business on their computer.  Why not just create a spam email to see if someone goes to the site when it's been clicked on.	This experiment wouldn't bother me.  I'm not sure why the researchers would want to do this experiment.  If someone is posting negative comments, why would you care if someone else did it.  Sharing is not always the best, and especially not on a public forum.		I don't know that I would trust the experimenters.  I wouldn't mind if it were for a site for something that couldn't cause harm, but I'm not sure what that would be.	I would allow this experiment to take place.  
A2LQ0VHJF42XUQ	3AQF3RZ558JS32ZE1UB9TRDDEYR6F8	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1157	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	the results will be beneficial 	taking too much and returning nothing	The results will definitely be useful		only way to test their theory	my friend or I would be unaware of the event	no useful information, except for facebook, will result in the experiment	will help them in the future 	for protection	for their future protection
A2LS3TW31IRA9U	392CY0QWG1SYY6XQJEOFZQ6RY1GI4X	WithoutImprovingProduct	850	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	Like I said before I don't like how participants are never informed.		I can see where the research could provide valuable information but I'm not sure I'm comfortable with people giving passwords even if the passwords are supposedly not collected.	I think it would be an interesting study that could maybe prevent more phishing scams from occurring because it could help raise awareness. 	As long as people are made aware that they were actually not exposed to a real security issue I think they could proceed with the experiment.	Since participants are never informed I wouldn't want anyone I know to be included as a participant	Yes only if people are informed they are involved in this study.	I don't feel comfortable with anyone doing something where they would enter in their passwords.	As long as the people are notified I don't see a problem with it.	
A2LV5432PV1S39	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZLZGTP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	336	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It would provide interesting results about who uses these services.	It seems like an interesting experiment.	It should help them learn about what not to do.	Because it can help educate people about what they're doing wrong.	It will help people learn how to manage security risks.			Because it will help them learn about any security flaws that they may have.	It will help people learn about security flaws that they may be processing.	It will help people learn how to manage security risks.
A2LVPGEPC1EUOW	3A1COHJ8NJWZLC98PZW7GQLH08WH85	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	518	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	no	Some spam also include a virus or phishing scam. They'd have to be careful not to compromise the computer security of subjects.  Using a honeypot is fairly common these days though.							They'd have to go about changing their passwords to feel safe, whether or not you saved them.		I wouldn't want my grandmother to go through the stress of that.  Some people, especially if they aren't completely familiar with the internet, freak out over internet security.
A2LWGBFO10NWS6	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9SE8S0	WithoutPublication	752	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It's unethical.	Ask me if I want to participate in an experiment and I'll probably agree. Force it  on to me in a EULA and I feel betrayed.	There should be an opt-out after disclosure function here.			This requires undisclosed deception. That's a big no-no with human subject review boards. Additionally, you're trying to hijack a spammer. What is your plan when they find you, zombie the machine, and mess with your results or worse?	I know that I agreed to be a lab monkey in the Facebook EULA but I'm only on Facebook to hear from my friends - good news and bad. By interfering with that Facebook betrays my trust even if they're covered legally.	It's disclosed deception with no prior agreement. It's not the best possible structure but sometimes necessary. This is one of those times.	Again, deception with no prior consent isn't the most ethical structure but this includes a post-revelation opt-out and the users who responded to phishing learn something valuable in their lives - not to be idiots in the future - whether or not they opt-out. No harm, minor benefit.	There is deception but everything else is fine.
A2LWO26DDTYX1E	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7M8MCJ	InsertPosts	786	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		I do not understand why facebook users' emotions need to be studied and manipulated. While I believe that positivity should be widespread and encouraged, it may not always have the intended effect. In short, leave it be.								
A2LX2KC8YZE0JS	3SNVL38CI4TSZ50TCWF9V4XSITNKCA	Control	350	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no					.					.
A2LYHCBBB3W7Q1	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0L0RUXX	NoAdvertising	881	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent		Have the researchers done a content analysis of selected newsfeeds before trying to do this experiement?  Are there any preliminary results that suggest this experiment would actually yield any results?				This is a bad question.  Who is the participant? The researcher, or the unnamed people who will get spammed? It sounds like you have no say in who is spammed.				I'd hope that the people involved were more computer savvy rather than less.  People who are not very computer literate could be very freaked out by the warning.
A2LZ5N9YHZRO46	39O5D9O87TTM37SMRQNAEIGQ7Y2C3A	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1126	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	im not really sure about the value of the data that would be gleaned from this experiment	WITH THE INCREASE OF SOCIAL MEDIA, SCIENTISTS NEED TO BE ABLE TO PREDICT / UNDERSTAND THE EFFECT ON THE WELL BEING OF USERS	too many people fall prey to this sort of behavior, research needs to be done to identify triggers	in the digital day and age, everyone should be made away of schemes that could harm them or their personal information	there are too many different messages to identify risk situation online now, it would be helpful for researchers to identify one that is effective	their choice, not mine	ITS THEIR CHOICE, NOT MINE	their choice not mine	their choice not mine	their choice not mine
A2M0CMLT7I4VV6	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZQNGTN	WithoutImprovingProduct	913	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Even though spam offers are ridiculous it is still the right of the consumer to make these purchases and if you create a fake mirror website in which they cannot make the purchases then that would be unethical/possibly illegal.	Facebook does have rights to their content, however this study may actually affect peoples moods.	As stated about I believe this could only end up benefitting the participant as long as the information that is entered is immediately and securely deleted.	I believe that the aspect involving sending a fake email from a friend is where the ethical line is crossed.  This could cause change to a social relationship.	Yes, there will be no real harm. 	I would hope that anyone I care about would be smart enough not to click on spam emails in the first place.	I don't believe they should alter the information that would normally be coming from their friends, and this may also negatively affect their mood if they getting the increase in negative posts. 	If anything this will only raise awareness to the participate about the dangers of not being careful with their passwords.	I believe this becomes an invasion of privacy.	As long as there is no real risk it does not matter.
A2M3KQ9CKP7YW	33PPO7FECVGBY2GJCPP82U0XBC6DIY	WithoutImprovingProduct	8715	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes			k		same	too risky			seems useful	seems useful
A2M4GONJ5V2I99	3LBXNTKX0RWWL7SXZVK7J84M88IX9W	InsertPosts	767	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Willing participants only. See explanation above.	Willing participants only.	Consenting participants only.	Consenting participants only.	Allowing the research computer to become infected by someone else's program opens the door to all sorts of problems the researchers could not even begin to foresee. Perhaps if it were 100% their own trusted code, but only then.	Only if they were a willing participant. Facebook would not have to ask them explicitly about the experiment (which would ruin it) but a general consent to have metadata used for scientific research upon sign up to the service would suffice.	Only as a willing participant. As with the Facebook experiment, they have to be knowledgeable that an experiment of some sort is taking place.	Consenting participants only, even if not told details of the experiment.	Willing participants only. They must consent to being experimented upon, even if they are not told the details.
A2M68MELQOVZS7	37Z929RLG99795FC3RJ1B0O6N5VST5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	611	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It seems wrong to not inform the participants.	Again some may not like secretive tinkering of their feed.	It is absolutely vital to prevent hackers from receiving user password information in this digital age.	It is important but some may not like the deception at first.	The full disclosure at the end should go over we'll with the participants.			This is another very important topic of study.		It is a very important topic of research.
A2M77CJYJNMZ96	3IUZPWIU1O81D36YTNFA7Y4VAXTKWJ	InsertPosts	859	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no						This appears to be harmless study of a major problem. This study could give security a way to help consumers.	We never know when negativity is the last straw that pushes a person over the edge, so it's best not to experiment with the person not knowing.	Hacking has become a major problem, the more we all know the better prepared to prevent attacks.	The more we know about how hackers and attackers access our sites the better prepared we'll be to protect ourselves.	We have all be exposed to security warnings and would not knowingly participate.
A2M8REHZZPHTYA	34Q075JO1XE6ZCJRS6G7VOZS0MX10E	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	This method doesn't appear to be secure enough, nor does the research seem especially relevant to the goal of stopping spam.	By tampering with the information shared with users without their consent, they may miss out on positive events in friends' or relatives' lives - births, engagements, etc - which would upset them later. I think that participants should have to sign a waiver for this experiment, acknowledging their rights to information without interference.	I like that they will not steal, collect, or store the passwords - they need to be sure they treat all other information with the same discretion.	The risk of privacy loss or data compromise is too great with this study.					There is too much risk of privacy loss with the current design of this study, and the actions described herein appear to be illegal.	
A2MBB133SZN59T	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YWHF2Y	Control	236	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no		What is the harm of  knowing how people experience security					sure why not.			
A2MCRVU8I9VNHG	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7ESLGMDD	InsertPosts	547	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	As described, it is not a safely designed study. Once you let someone infect a computer you can never be sure you have secured it again, and for a study like this it could turn out very badly	The consequences of this can simply not be foreseen, and there is no way to watch for negative consequences and provide emergency support in this scenario.					I don't like to see people I care about emotionally manipulated, even "for science."	It would depend on who it was. I have several people close to me that could easily handle this, but some could not.	Like the first scenario, it would depend on who it was. Some of the people I care about would be fine with this, some would not be.	
A2MDQU7VBEN0LZ	3TXD01ZLD4I37XSQDVDTITU2SY2U4K	Control	824	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	I'm not sure I see the benefit of conducting this research if they cannot publish the results and help to inform the general public of what their findings were.	I don't see the harm in such an experiment, and it could be interesting to see how one person's mood can influence another person's mood.	It could be beneficial to the participants to help raise awareness when it comes to accidentally divulging important information such as passwords.	It would have a slight benefit of at least educating the students involved in the dangers of phishing scams and help raise awareness.						
A2MG57U8NJGA9U	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49ANFRF5	UnnamedCompany	1275	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Be careful with infected computer.	It's random.		As long as passwords aren't saved or breached.	No real damage.		Helps a cause.	Good experience.	It is a safe experiment that helps the greater good. Also it'll be a good experience for my friend to learn about phishing and prevent it next time.	Good experience.
A2MJ6ZTTTNWSPP	3HVVDCPGTET45RRL2XBQTMC74UVYT1	WithoutPublication	412	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes		I am not sure you can really judge the emotion behind every post.	Not to access any pii information	No access to pii	Caution not to expose anyone to threats.	Too dangerous, actually letting a spammer get information in the system and then having to trust someone can control the program, someone you don't know. You won't know if they succeeded or not		No danger to participates information.	No one should know your password, and the school doesn't have authority to help acknowledge studends passwords.	Does not seem to be anything wrong with testing this type of idea.
A2MJ8GEGHQ9O3H	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHUDAQ5	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	174	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A2MKYB3G53KJ5S	30OG32W0SUC8495A50DKDKEZXNCENJ	InsertPosts	574	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It's unclear to let the participants waste their money on spam, when you could easily record the visits to the site without letting the participants follow through on purchases.	If they are allowed to manipulate their users' feelings without informed consent, it could start a slippery slope of using technology to manipulate people and make them unhappy (for the purpose of selling products)	They are clear to the participants afterwards that they were in a study and that their passwords were not stolen. 	The data will only be collected in aggregate, and the students are able to withdraw their data or comment on the study. It's a well designed study.	You'd have to think out the security risk carefully. A participant is likely to just close out the browser and run a virus scan, which the researchers won't be able to measure,	I should hope that the people I care about aren't going to fall for spam.	It's toying with people's emotions without their consent.	They are not put at risk and will learn a lesson about computer security.	It'll teach them a valuable lesson about phishing.	They are not exposed to any real risk.
A2ML7RIEEP744Z	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8QH8V2	WithoutPublication	623	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent				Too much sensitive security information is being revealed			this is emotional manipulation of people who have not consented to be a part of the research.			
A2MLP5WIFBAOVU	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOXYBD7N	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	154	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A2MN4KIYL53TW3	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJH2Y155	Twitter	175	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2MOSNEX4E7G1P	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMBZI6MU	InsertPosts	547	yes	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent				It's tricky, but if they can pull it off without actually stealing peoples info, then I think it's worth it. 						
A2MOXES1NR1L5K	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKKJSVH	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	397	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent					Seems ok	Too many things could go wrong in this scenario	Seems mawkish		It could teach them a lesson	
A2MPIWNB58IFBP	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7QEDZ3	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	151	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2MPW5P3ERJCN0	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0C9CZJ2	InsertPosts	519	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Could it harm the person if more negative posts are on that person's site?	I would be wondering if we could trust that the passwords wouldn't be really collected or destroyed.	It will be a good learning experience for the people involved and will warn them or make them more careful.	I would wonder if it would make me less trusting on researchers because I would trust that a university HIT would be safe to use.			I guess it would be a wake up call to the user.	There seems to be no damage done since it is anonymous and the person can have their results excluded.	
A2MQC8KZ8DOON1	3RXPCZQMQPC3AGUC685AGGM873H1GC	UnnamedCompany	776	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes			Since no passwords will actually be stolen I think this is ok.	This experiment is illegal.			It is not right to filter out posts of people without their consent.  	This seems innocent enough.  And people may learn to be less trusting if they are tricked.	No because I think this experiment is illegal and dishonest.  Even though it is being done with the intent to not actually cause harm it is still wrong and no one should be included as participants.	The people who are duped by learn to not be so trusting.
A2MQXFHQABHJ8E	32VNZTT0A75BR50991IODI7ILXU4RI	NoAdvertising	822	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I don't trust spam emails, and neither should anyone else.	If the participants weren't warned by facebook that they may be in studies, it shouldn't have happened.	They should only use a limited amount of people and offer comprehensive computer scans to the participants at the end of the study.	The methods seem extremely unethical to me in my opinion. Who knows what will happen if someone takes advantage of it.	Security warnings effect everyone differently, some people won't care since they think their software will take care of the problem, while others will panic.	I doubt that they would purchase things from spam emails, but I'm still worried that they would try.	At the time of the study, the terms of use weren't written in a way that allowed research studies.	While I understand that the research is important, I don't feel comfortable having this person be deceived.	It seems like a major breach of trust in the researchers part. 	
A2MS79E5JZLZ0L	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WLVYC4P	WithoutImprovingProduct	487	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A2MSCS9LN1NKQO	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5H1I418	Twitter	578	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Data can be related to a variety of topics	Can be beneficial to participants	Can be tricky with accessing university data						
A2MSVKXC1F3WIU	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7O5CMA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	543	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	No. This could be disguised as an experiment but is too much like what really happens to people all the time. It's enough that we deal with it constantly without added research which won't learn what we already know, a certain percentage of people will always fall for this ploy.									
A2MTG9A2XFYFN3	3CTOC39K37RRC4ZF3U7ME3512ITJ7S	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	435	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	no	yes	yes	no										
A2MU2PC6PDU0FM	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0QB4HCM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	445	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2MVFSJBKHUPH9	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VHOKH7	Twitter	312	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		There are privacy issues. involved.				I don't like the idea of deceiving users in this fashion; they should be informed afterwards.	I think private messages should be left alone.	This will gain some valuable information, without harm.	I don't like the idea of collectiong personal data.	It sounds like an important study, and sounds like acontrolled experiment.
A2MVW4LTUH22RH	354GIDR5ZB76SNY9WNC7HJGIV5D00I	WithoutImprovingProduct	480	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes										
A2MW2KLUNJ5SF8	34PGFRQONOC62J0GB2FY6J4IV85WJ8	InsertPosts	1583	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	You are messing with fire here.  You don't necessarily know what the software will do to the researchers computer.  It may do something harmful before the researchers can stop it.	It is interesting to see what the results would be and I can't think of anything negative associated with this.	The next time the person I cared about got something like the research task they may just think it is the researchers again and complete the task when it is really a hacker.	Younger people are very social and very trusting of their friends.  Maybe this would help them be more careful.	You need to be careful as the people may think it is a research type thing in the future when it is not.  But overall most people know not to click on something with a warning so it would be nice to see what is most effective.	There is way too much uncertainty with this experiment.	I don't see any harm in this research.  	Researcher or not I don't want anybody pretending they are hacking to get my information or the information of anybody that I cared about.  	I think younger people need to realize the harms that can come on a computer.  Maybe this would help them be more careful.	I would hope that the person I cared about had a good protection program on their computer, like everybody really should.  Then they would get the warning and not click on anything like they normally would.  
A2MWKMBAY2WOUV	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ31Y13W	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1795	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think that spam is a dangerous and strong threat to the online community and that it should be stopped, or at least hindered, at (almost) any cost.	I think that this experiment is emotionally manipulative to the subjects; I also think that it invades the privacy of unknowing Facebook users. I do not think that the intended outcome justifies the means.		While the researchers intend to publish the results of the study with the intentions of helping to protect others from phishing scams, I do not think that it is morally correct to subject these students to a study that they have not consented to.			I think that being subject to a study such as this could be mentally manipulative. Though the intent of the study is to "produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users," the researchers who are conducting the experiment may accidentally choose a psychologically-vulnerable user, and changing their News Feed to fit their experiment could have damaging results on the person.	Such security threats are important enough that data needs to be collected and research needs to be done to prevent them in the future.	I think that, because it is a study that intends only to collect data and not to actually infiltrate the accounts of the university students, participation will be safe.	Since there is no real risk, I do not think that it matters who does and who does not participate.
A2MY0C5ZKLE8HI	39LNWE0K4UXXF4R5YKFXCU4LXDWUIM	Twitter	691	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent			Many people fall victim to ID scams over the internet. If this experiment is something that can reduce the number,I'm all for it.	I see no harm in the experiment.						
A2N2ISN5NKZIVO	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZIBWF4F	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	349	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A2N7SI7AVIZEA9	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FM0345	WithoutPublication	1032	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	Invasion of my privacy unless they have consent of user.		Not if it is done without permission of user.	I worry about the security involved & students must reset their passwords afterwords.	Deception is being used.	Really?  They think they will have it under control?  Maybe a survey sent to people would be better that invading my trust.	I don't want them trying to be psychologists. 	We have too much invasion of our privacy already.	It would be a good way to get them aware of security.	Deception is used.  I already have security warnings on our computers.
A2N8CDTXFJ1LYX	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVN2BRI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	203	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent							i dont care they can do what they want it is their life after all			
A2N9HCG59QCS15	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7WVZDI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	288	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent								I feel they would not trust me anymore.		
A2N9WNWD5GPM6O	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTID8QRAI	UnnamedCompany	602	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	This is the best case scenario given the constraints.	They are affecting people's emotions and potentially their mental health.	I see no real ethical problems here as long as participants are informed after.	They should explore the literature to make sure it is ethical.	It seems like useful data on how to create better warnings would come from it.	They aren't going to a real store to purchase anything, so I see no harm.	Tampering with a person's mood or thought processes seems unethical. I would not want someone I cared about to be shown negative and thus feel more negative.	As long as there is no way for the password to be recorded.	Seems to violate some privacy looking at facebook friends and passwords.	Seeing a fake warning seems harmless enough.
A2N9X33YGWSAI8	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4N1OEOD	Control	289	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2NBRQHVXTMDK9	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EHB97K3	WithoutImprovingProduct	586	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						I would hope that they would be informed that the purchase could not be completed if they were trying to purchase an item.				
A2NC3GYNRIXGIR	3RSDURM96AN2G89OC2MVU0C61JSYET	WithoutImprovingProduct	521	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		unethical		has privacy concerns		poor research design	optional	poses too many security breaches	this study uses unethical means	
A2NCQ45EW3BWXN	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RX7PMJ7	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1038	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes			Passwords are still being obtained.  They have to be extremely ethical in how they proceed.				This directly affects someone's life and is emotionally manipulative.  What if it sends them into a depressive state?  Why would Facebook even care to know this?	I would hope no one I cared about would fall for the tricks, and if they do, it's a lesson they need to learn without any of the consequences of falling for it for real.	Again, it's a lesson learned	Lesson learned about just clicking "yes" without considering consequences
A2NFKOH8HAAL1P	30ZX6P7VF8WKQ329XIQRICOTR1WJ2Z	InsertPosts	1985	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			Since they are not actually recording the info, this seems OK by me				There's enough negativity without adding more			It's up to them to decide
A2NFMJINWB314E	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ69Z6J	UnnamedCompany	2516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2NGU1RDEBHAB9	3EF8EXOTT1WD1IKDEEQDDTEOZUX1JD	Control	532	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	To get their results they need to gather information of users acting normally, and due to the nature of this any disclaimer might scare people or discourage them from normal behavior.			Mass emails sent through the campus network making use of fraudulent means makes me very uncomfortable. 	Before the end of the study all participants should be aware of what they took part in and should be able to have their data used. 	I would feel more comfortable with them acting on a fake spam message than an actual spam email. 		The setting would be a HIT where most Mechanical Turk workers should be familiar with the set up of tasks and know what to give or not give. 	This one seems very risky. 	The experiment would begin with some unexpected actions, but the researchers intend to conclude the experiment with an explanation to the participants. 
A2NH8US3DYNLIF	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QNUXVO2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	811	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	This is highly dependent upon whether the researchers are qualified and able enough to maintain control.		This is still stepping on people's privacy. Caution is required.	Before research is conducted, permission should always be obtained. This is especially true when dealing with details such as passwords and personal information.	Due to the nature of research sometimes it is necessary to deceive individuals who participate. However, as with any research that requires participates to perform tasks, it is best to be cautious and to make certain that all actions that can be taken by the participants are covered thoroughly during debrief.	There is simply too much that could go wrong.	While studies like this are not guaranteed to produce accurate, conclusive information, there is no reason an individual should not participate.	This is a learning experience. By the definition provided above, this experiment will not only help individuals and companies learn about what makes users tick, but it will also positively help the individuals within the experiment itself.	Permission was not obtained. This is a direct violation of privacy, albeit a minor one.	There is no real threat and participants remain anonymous. By participating in this experiment, the individual(s) will learn more about potential risks and factors surrounding such.
A2NI68982FI4SM	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUI8V1Y	UnnamedCompany	1099	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	We already know the hit rate on spam is extremely low.  It only pays off because email is extremely cheep.	Same as above.	I wouldn't like it, but there is some value here.	While we already know the answer, people tend not to believe without proof.	The need to have plans in place to protect the targets' PCs and data and a plan for what to do if they can't. 	I don't really see the value.	One, we already know the answer is yes.  Two, I'd be very upset if my communications were purposely interfered with.	I sounds mean.	I believe everyone needed to take more care on the internet.	Increasing computer security is a good thing, but a person over reacting to a non-existent threat can actually damage data.
A2NJ69BMMM9RCH	3XIQGXAUMC9S7O44KYMN5CDGDH87X6	NoAdvertising	206	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no							They should not be allowed to manipulate someones page for their own personal interests.			
A2NJGU26SOMOKV	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4P3C06	WithoutImprovingProduct	1404	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		It is unethical to run an experiment on a social network and then add "research" to the EULA after the fact. 	This type of research in very much needed to help middle-experience and especially naive users not fall for this type of attack		As they explain any potential concerns after the fact (and that there are no real risks involved) it should be acceptable explanation for the participants	While the way this is explained for the controls of the experiment, I feel it's borderline trouble given the breadth and depth of the end user participants. It's almost asking for trouble to let a spammer control the software, even with careful control over the links and such. I'd think the general public would be more comfortable knowing that the system was set up to replicate what a spammer would do rather than co-opting the real work of a real spammer.				I don't perceive any real risk from it for participants
A2NJMSMQ1Z0UOC	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0ORI8L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	608	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent		Facebook needs to make a bigger noise when doing things like this. Sneakily sliding it into the TOU agreement is pretty shady.	It could make people uncomfortable.	Minus the Facebook thing, it would be cool.	A lot of HIT workers look for and expect these things.	There is no way to be assured that the countermeasures in place are enough.	I'd rather just interact with the person I cared for normally and not have her or him see limited postings.	If there is an explanation of how/why/where the password was compromised, who wouldn't want to know that?	Going as far as looking into that students friends and family through Facebook is a little icky.	It's not as bad as the other scenarios. If someone is doing HITs, this is to be expected on some level.
A2NK20U5EHDQ1	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXHXJ3F	UnnamedCompany	206	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no										
A2NL38BFEE3BVY	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8C8INA1	NoAdvertising	1094	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	This experiment deceives and inconveniences people.  While spam is bad, the people responding to the ads are doing nothing wrong.	Facebook users aren't employed by Facebook.  They shouldn't be deceived without their knowledge.	The results will ultimately benefit each participant. There should be some sort of guarantee that no passwords are actually stolen and used.	The results would benefit any participant and would thus be worth the deception in each case.  Bank accounts or other sites that might tempt the researchers should be excluded.	A false security warning seems harmless. 	This experiment deceives and inconveniences people.  While spam is bad, the people responding to the ads are doing nothing wrong.	Facebook users aren't employed by Facebook.  They shouldn't be deceived without their knowledge.	The results will ultimately benefit each participant.	The results would benefit any participant and would thus be worth the deception in each case.	I don't think it's very harmful to be slightly deceived in this experiment. On the other hand, I don't see any incentive for someone I cared about to take part.
A2NM83JZ7I0SM1	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXNU3J8	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2909	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	The researchers should be monitored to ensure that they are NOT collecting the buyers information for nefarious reasons.	As I said above, if it could potentially save a life, GO FOR IT! If would could have "happier" people in this world, it would most definately be a better world.		I think the ressearchers should be allowed to perform this experiment, but I also think that there should be a faculty member supervising this whole experiment.		Would not matter to me, as they wouldnot know anyway.	I think that if "my" moods are really affecting my "friends" moods, I really would like to know about it. You never know, if someone is contemplating suicide because of depression, seeing "happy" posts could potentially save their life. GREAT IDEA, if proven!	I think everyone should be made aware of just how easy it is to have their computers hacked and their information stolen. Again, I think the researchers should be monitored, to ensure the safety of those being "hacked" for scientific reasons.	I think everyone should be made aware of just how easy it is for someone to get their information on the internet.	
A2NMTTX6PBEKDR	3J88R45B2GZHDU84GKG45Y41DCBXP2	InsertPosts	762	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with this experiment.	I don't think it's okay to manipulate peoples feelings like that.	As I said above, it's a risk-free way to illustrate and educate about the dangers of being careless about your information online.	Since the experiment is so carefully controlled and there is no real monetary or personal information being divulged, and it can help raise awareness about how easy it is to fall for a phishing scam if you're not careful, I think this experiment should proceed.	As I said above, this is an educational opportunity that has no direct risk to the participant.	I wouldn't want them to fall for buying something through spam mail/a scam, but I don't see how I could know that a loved one was a candidate for this experiment if everything is anonymous	I think this experiment ultimately manipulates peoples moods and feelings, which can be harmful to the people involved.	Like one of the previous questions, I think this could be a valuable way to illustrate how easy it is to get your information stolen online if you're not careful, and if one of my loved ones fell for an experiment like this, I would be glad that they would become more aware about how easy it is to get information stolen online.	I think it's a harm-free way to demonstrate the effectiveness of phising and raise awareness about how careful you need to be with your information on the internet.	I think this is a risk-free way to educate about online security warnings, and I would want my loved ones to have awareness about online security.
A2NNGSD0WDSZ0N	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CATNAG	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	659	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		It seems like this experiment disrespects very basic freedoms of every human being.	If we can help educate people in ways to prevent password theft then data needs to be collected.				The experiment sounds intrusive and I wouldn't want anyone to be an involuntary participant. 	I think this experiment would be beneficial for the general population.		
A2NO4F8PE0K35W	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSR620P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2350	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I already answered this question on previous page.	Once again, not without consent.  People sign up for Facebook for fun, apparently, not have researches try to affect their mood.  I don't think there's any "valid scientific determination" by studying Facebook.  It's just a platform that combines several existing internet technologies, it's not the greatest thing in the world.  And certainly not worthy of any scientific research.	I already answered this question on previous page.	I don't think there's any real science in studying Facebook.  Facebook is just several pre-existing things thrown together on one platform, they didn't invent anything.  It's not the end-all-be-all of existence.  If a scientist is studying Facebook, that scientist needs to get a real degree and stop acting like a 13-year-old girl.	This study is caught in a loop and asking the same questions over and over.	I already answered this question on previous page.	Not unless they gave consent, which Facebook did not do with this experiment.	I already answered this question on previous page.	Not without consent, which Facebook did not REALLY get when they did this study.	This study is caught in a loop and asking the same questions over and over.
A2NOLZFLLS4XEQ	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KU2LIY	Control	2732	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent			On balance, the good that could be derived and the study's efforts to remain ethical seem to make this a viable effort.			This appears to me to violate the ethical behavior that should under gird research. From the non-disclosure of a questionable practice to the creation (by modification) and dissemination of a virus, I would be surprised if any researcher would participate in such an enterprise.	Facebook would be intentionally influencing the emotional state of the (unknowing) subjects. Both stupid from a public relations standpoint and unethical from a research standpoint.	This one is a closer question, since the subject can choose whether to engage in the at issue behavior. Moreover, no actual harm comes to the subject and full disclosure is made. 	The use of students' Facebook information, along with accessing students' passwords smacks of unethical behavior. Aside from the risks attendant to allowing the researchers access to this information, accessing this information at all is unethical.	This seems entirely ethical to me. The deception is necessary. No compromise of the subject's privacy will take place and full disclosure is planned. 
A2NR5SDCJ0K21P	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23JBWGX	NoAdvertising	367	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Getting rid of spam is a worthy cause.	This is emotional manipulation.  Not ok.					This is emotional manipulation.  Not ok.		It's important for people to understand internet security.	I would want people close to me to learn about computer security.
A2NRYTA4RPZIUV	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6EPGXAP	WithoutImprovingProduct	434	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		I don't know because they are messing with someones facebook account and I would be mad if I found out the someone did this to my account.	even though they aren't storing the passwords it could be possible for them to be stolen they need to make sure there is good security to do this.	it is still stealing passwords but notifying the people about it afterwards they need to be very careful if they proceed that the information is not available to others.						there is no true risk and they are notified about it afterwards
A2NWO3R36G8CFK	3YT88D1N08Z4M54AJ34821TYC7A3KD	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	430	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A2NZ7RMSBXESNI	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHLVTNZA	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	778	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I think there are better ways to analyze spam emails.		I trust them			I don't like the part about replacing the link to the spammer's store with a link to a website collecting payments etc.	I didn't like this: the researchers will randomly exclude some fraction of friends' negative posts each time the news feed is loaded.	I believe this is valuable research.	too much manipulation on the part of the researchers	I don't think there is any harm to the participants.
A2NZVI1AXATXOO	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG0955CUTQR	Control	474	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2O0U5O5FRTH17	3OB0CAO74HQE0I0Q23U1F39JTQKHYA	Control	884	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		This seems like a violation of privacy, also.				The users do not know that their choice to make a purchase is being recorded.  This is a violation of privacy.	Users may want to see their entire news feeds, and not have portions of it blocked out.  They may miss posts they would have wanted to see.	I believe this study is for the greater good, and the deception is explained in the end.		I think it's for the greater good to deceive the participants in this experiment.  It allows the researchers to test security warnings.
A2O16PRXITKKP7	3SITXWYCNVAF907UXFY3AEZCWD8XB3	InsertPosts	468	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	Could hurt online business, also users don't know about it	While I understand the need to conceal the study, it does seem a little wrong to monitor people in this way without their knowledge		If their system is compromised, all the information could be used by someone else						
A2O4SODB89X7ON	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJQLG44	WithoutImprovingProduct	576	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	no			They are not actually stealing any passwords		I			They will help in stopping  real hackers		It sounds stressful since they don't know what 
A2O4UJ753FA368	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA68YLB	NoAdvertising	563	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	As long as everything is anonymous and payment information is not stored than its fine.	I think its fine, but changing excluding facebook posts seems relatively invasive.	As long as data is not stored, its fine.	Again, dealing with data and passwords always seems ripe for abuse.	I don't think there is anything wrong with it.	Either way is fine.	Again, not my place to care.	It would be nice for my computer illiterate parents to be slightly more aware of the dangers.	i don't really care one way or the other.	I don't really think that is my concern.
A2O95HSLLSCC0M	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYLGBY5	WithoutImprovingProduct	1738	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I don't think it's ethical to refrain from telling participants that they were part of such an experiment.	I can see where this study may be beneficial by helping people to see how their thoughts/posts might affect others, however, participants should be very aware that they may be portrayed in a negative light to their friends and family.	I see the benefits as well as the risks.  Personally, I would not like to be a participant in this type of experiment, but I can see where it could help others to use more caution in the future.	Although the experiment may have the best of intentions, it seems a bit too personal.  If I were a part of it, I would feel like my privacy had been violated.  			I wouldn't want others to perceive that person as a pessimist (if chosen to have the proportion of negative posts increased).			
A2OCU85PB4OIH1	39DD6S19JPC2LYJT8OOE87L873YEZI	InsertPosts	584	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	This does not seem to be a secure experiment and gives spammers too much freedom.  	No consent is provided and could be dangerous to participants.  	Seems innocent enough as it doesn't compromise data but it doesn't seem to gain consent.  	This seems to cross the ethical line that Facebook just did.  	This seems unethical because of the participants' lack of consent but does not seem dangerous.  	Once again, this seems suspect in regard to privacy and security.  	I would not like friend's emotional state to be manipulated.  	Seems iffy in regard to privacy and security.  	It wouldn't want anyone that I cared about to have their identity or security compromised.  	I don't know if this is negative or positive but I'm leaning toward no.  
A2ODEPSKNQJU1	30JNVC0OR9L5RG94BTD72H6HUFPQHY	Twitter	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	They are hacking hackers which seems a little not okay.	You are dealing with peoples social media which again can make people upset.	People could easily get upset over this.	They are actually having people's passwords and checking them with the real thing.  a bit sketchy.		It wouldn't effect them poorly or positively either way			I wouldn't want them possibly seeing my friends password	
A2OECH4E1V7MIP	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETOISM5	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	429	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no						I would be concerned about data management.			I would be concerned about the data being collected and potentially mismanaged.	I would think most people would just stop doing the hit, and thus would never be informed.
A2OFN0A5CPLH57	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMS2RZM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	464	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2OHEHD0EO3U0T	3TPZPLC3M0D5XW1QWV9GYIFX6I9P3V	Twitter	547	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A2OI5HIE1DPQGW	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGUJYA3	InsertPosts	955	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes		The posts could all be available to view if the user chose the "Most recent posts" view, so I don't think preferentially showing positive vs negative posts is unethical. However, I am skeptical that "protect[ing] the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users" would be the only use to which this research would be put.		Research projects should be opt in, not opt out.						
A2OIR72SZOB6IL	3NPFYT4IZC5B0HF5D1QHBPQ9CLSXG2	Control	379	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A2OJ5XOEKTKRR9	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0MTN21	NoAdvertising	567	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2OLH1Q3GUFIPE	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW82ZU2XP	WithoutImprovingProduct	563	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent								Because not all researchers can fully be trusted to not use the information given. A lot of people use the same password for all of their accounts and would be subject to a security breach.		
A2OLIE09QC2X5C	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19XSGDPT	UnnamedCompany	1719	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	Too risky		I don't like the idea of anything collecting passwords, but I do see the necessity of this study. 			This experiment seems too risky. I wouldn't want to infect a university computer with spam. Some spammers have really complicated coding experience. It's playing with fire in my opinion. 	It's anonymous so I don't see any problems with it. 		This is a data security risk. What if one of the researchers can't be trusted and uses this data. 	
A2OMC4N2SYD96E	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6EOXXA4	NoAdvertising	648	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes								It seems that the information is kept private and secure. 	It violates the participant's privacy	The study is designed to improve security warnings, it is not harmful nor is the participant's information revealed. 
A2OMUUZK8T42MT	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW13UWJR0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	444	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes			Yes, because if it is a legit study, the results can be beneficial. It should be heavily monitored though.				Interesting study so would like to see the results.	I would not trust that no passwords were actually stolen.		
A2ONGJCI23K6J1	33CKWXB73JL66149OPK79TI25F111H	Twitter	504	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent			it would open peoples eyes to how people steal your information so easy.							
A2ORI7QQSH12Z8	3HHRAGRYX869RYE5Y4XB0VDTW339OR	Control	346	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2ORYDSL6Q1GWW	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7ESPQMDV	UnnamedCompany	856	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The ease at which this could go wrong is apparent. The scientists have seemed to think of most of the harmful ways that it could go wrong. As long as they are save they should be fine. 	The researchers should not be allowed to interfere with someone's life. They need to find a different way to get their results. 	The researchers must take care that none of the personal information gets out. 	As long as the researchers were careful and watched each other carefully then the research would be safe. 	The study seems very safe. I can't imagine anything bad arising from the study coming about. 	It seems as if the scientists were very responsible with their experiment. I don't believe it would make a difference. 	Manipulating the information one can receive is bad. I wouldn't want a close one to have that done to them. 	As long as the researchers deleted every password things seem very safe. 	Again the researchers seem to have the situation under control. I wouldn't fear for someone involved.	Everything seems very safe and very tame with this study. I can perceive no negative effects. 
A2OUKJ1QX9FSFL	3PM8NZGV8YH2D69JGXVT53UBI8ZXQV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	521	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		Some people may benefit while others become angry. 					Their identity won't be known. 		Could prevent or slow future attacks	
A2OXXEIOM705YQ	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VA7KHC	Control	447	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A2OYWTFK9MCYJ1	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQTXVW9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	186	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no										
A2OZTBCBOCHF9E	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSGY8ZLV	NoAdvertising	516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no										
A2P097PT46OOTS	36U2A8VAG105281Y8OXYSVPBL9UYK5	WithoutImprovingProduct	204	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A2P11XXHK07T5K	3HRMW88U16R3V15GLSZ5FGNVY5ZM0U	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	437	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no			The true purpose of the research is not disclosed to participants, so it would be a violation of the contract	Gross violation of privacy						
A2P1ZOAA5DV69P	3JC6VJ2SABK1O7ISLVFCNKOMLZJA5N	Control	1259	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	I think that this can really be beneficial to the individual who likes to be involved with online shopping. 	This could be a very useful research tool. It definitely defines the Facebook user's behavior.  	This type of experiment would be helpful in that it would make the average participant more aware.	Yes as long as this does not become a regular occurence	I just don't see the importance of this study.	I believe that spam can sometimes be a real problem, so this study can be very useful.	I don't really see any harm in this experiment	As before I don't really see any problems, this is only done for research.	I don't really see any problem with this, since it is only done for research.	This study would definitely increase an individual's stress level. I just don't think it's needed.
A2P305OU1WZT3K	3DYGAII7PL9X4X7SU6LCBQ88GF4PQP	NoAdvertising	723	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2P307R2TVMJFG	3NGI5ARFTT69NTNB9RVXAP008TP1PZ	UnnamedCompany	518	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	This experiment isnt hurting anyone and could be useful.	This is a valuable social experiment.	No one is at risk and the study could help prevent identity theft.			I dont think it would matter either way.	I would like to see how they responded to other people's posts.			
A2P4Q4SAJ67B7M	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMK62DH	NoAdvertising	652	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	Using spam in practice is cumbersome to users of email and a nuisance.		This experiment is not as harmful as the Facebook method, but still holds dishonest practice for possible positive data.	Even though it technically does not harm anyone, and the experiment is used for purposes to collect data to help prevent phishing, the very act infringes on others.			This sort of method of research is very deceitful and wrong. It is creating misinformation to the user. 		I would just not want someone I cared about to deal with the hassle of going through this deceitful experiment. 	
A2P5SER4AFETV5	3U088ZLJVKUZ0DZUPU5SOEPMW0OW0S	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	824	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	There are ethical questions involved.	Researchers should not be allowed to alter anyone's internet usage.	It could possibly cause a negative reaction, and therefore, involve some risk for the researchers.			It wouldn't be beneficial to anyone I care about.		It sounds like there is no risk involved, so I would not be concerned.  However, I would not be eager for my friends or family to participate either.		
A2P6F2YOHCYEIS	3UWN2HHPUY69ESAS6VXP21IEYE6NSE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	416	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A2P6II0FEAHUZI	3WAKVUDHUWH0QKA9FTB0L5ECJY8U7G	WithoutPublication	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes		It's not dangerous 	yes, but be careful since they're dealing with people's personal information	As long as they have the university's permission. 			I would want my best friend to participate to see if it works or not.			
A2P8N5E8B1RYWE	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6LN37G	NoAdvertising	542	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	This experiment infringes on informed consent.	Only if they obtain informed consent.	It is for the betterment of internet security.	This experiment treads on a thin line of informed consent.	This kind of experiment is well withing the lines of acceptable HIT content.	This experiment is an invasion of the participant's privacy.	I do not believe this experiment has any severe consequences one way or another.	It could potentially show them that they have dangerous habits regarding their internet security.	It teaches them about the dangers of phishing.	I do not believe this experiment will cause severe consequences one way or the other.
A2P9AF1XBC2W68	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG095580TQP	WithoutPublication	332	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A2PA36NE92W7EC	3D8YOU6S9ELHMKW4WJ68FREGOMY6U1	Twitter	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	They would absolutely need to be cautious with this as sensitive material may be leaked.					It would be helpful to get this data and can prevent hackers.				
A2PA8ZF0RS7ZRT	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTTNUZE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	460	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	anything dealing with e-security should be done with much precaution	There is a point to this, but who would be comfortable giving out their e-info	always with caution	If there is a scientific reason for the study then yes	always with caution	Participating in an exercise like this seems kind of shady without letting the people know.	Sine the researchers are trying to increase e-secirity then yes	Conducting a security exercise is shady without letting the people know UNLESS the end result would vastly increase security features	I do not want anyone I care about to be involved in a phishing operation	i'm answering the same questions over and over
A2PCRA7DGOFK6J	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEGCULK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1180	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	With anything online like this, just make sure data is secure. 	Theres not much you could do about it anyhow. But use caution with the anonymity of the data. Who would have access to that? 	Just make sure there is no way for the passwords to be retrieved. 	It doesn't seem very ethical. 	There doesn't seem to be any repercussions. 	I could see this causing a small amount of stress but they wouldn't be harmed by the experiment. 	It does not seem any worse than what they already do. I stopped using facebook because of all of this information they collect. 	It doesn't seem like it would hurt anything to be involved. so I have no preference one way or the other. 	This one involves to much actual personal info researched to even get it started, with facebook stalking, pretending to be someones else, etc.  	It wouldn't be a danger to the user. I would think some people would just close it out and not complete the survey at that point, though. 
A2PE1ZFZ9XYNRK	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKH6H9S	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	448	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes		This experiment is fine, but when things start getting more serious that is when ethical questions may arise.	I would want more explanation and reassurance how it would occur.	It's a slippery slope, is there any consequences to doing this experiments on mental health?	Same thing, may prompt anxiety in those predisposed to it.	because it would be wasting their time and is coming too close to being actually spammed/having information stolen.	it wouldn't really affect them.	It's not specific enough.  	As long as there information wasn't abused and they were informed of what the results of the study were.	It would be beneficial to learn about how one would respond.
A2PG9NA3TXSNK7	3VD82FOHKQPBPWL8AO722LE12OWCO1	UnnamedCompany	348	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent				too much potential for misuse of the information obtained						
A2PHPRXJP2BGG7	31N2WW6R9RRT6JCWISDBMO1T4CPF3L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	638	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A2PIIUSQIDC6RF	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4BWXJP	Control	1059	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	This study seems that a lot could go wrong and that there could be potential privacy issues.	I see no real harm in doing this experiment.	Its a good study to see how likely people fall for hackers methods.	It's invading people privacy a bit even if for a good cause.	I see no reason for this study not to be tried as long as there is no real risk to people.	This study seems more complicated and I do knot like that they users would no be informed.	I think it would be an interesting experiment.	To see how likely they would leak their information because most of my family is not computer smart.	While i believe this study is good, it also invades those involved privacy.	Since there is no real harm in the study other than the fake risk.
A2PJTJTIKAPL80	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YVC2FE	WithoutImprovingProduct	337	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2PKAZX1P044Z3	3V5Q80FXIXS95P0KUXY42574VCR233	InsertPosts	729	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	It would be nice to cut down on spam, but they would need to carefully screen for willing participants.	It sounds like it is ultimately to try to curb free speech, which is a fundamental right in our nation's Constitution.	There is too much potential for sensitive data to be leaked.	It could be helpful to try to learn to recognize phishing attacks, but I am concerned about the deception used.	I like the idea, but again I don't like deception being used.	It sounds like it would be an inconvenience.	I don't think the study nor its algorithm could accurately assess one's mood.	Can the participant be assured that no data was collected nor stored?		
A2PLANWM2W8WJS	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLIIPZC	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	949	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes						I'm undecided because I wouldn't want my 'someone' to suffer spamming problems but, on the other hand, research is important.	There would be no harm done. The experiment would not invade anyone's privacy.	I still feel that since no real harm would be done and the participant would learn from the experience, it would be okay.	On one hand, the participant would learn a valuable lesson from the experiment but, on the other hand, passwords are very protected and could cause the person to be upset about the status of their password.	No harm would be done and it would be a learning experience for the participant.
A2PLI3F9EZD3MY	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF895MN	WithoutPublication	430	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no										
A2PP0P486WYF6	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUPE59BS	Control	502	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		No, because it is invading people's privacy. 					No, because I believe it is an invasion of privacy.			
A2PS5T9IU2PBN4	3SNVL38CI4TSZ50TCWF9V4XSIKICKF	UnnamedCompany	327	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes										
A2PSDOUM11BUX5	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4MYXJD	InsertPosts	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes				It gets the word out and makes us aware.					Phishing is very much prevalent in today's technologically advanced society. I would want to help protect anybody's information if I could.	
A2PTEORQSYB7RF	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C3V05Q	UnnamedCompany	268	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A2Q0G9Q633CN04	3WYP994K17SY3TG96K3XICKTK9N6YB	Twitter	512	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	A lot of sensitive information is in the researchers hands which can be dangerous if not disposed of post study.	They need to verify the privacy issues with the candidates 			The researcher should wight the emotional consequences that the experiment may have.	The anonymity is important in this but it does seem very detailed and the researchers do have a lot of compromising information.	It is a breach of privacy as twitter messages may be intended only for one person	There is a risk of data being breached even though researchers are saying its on their honor. 		It really depends on the person themselves. The experiment does not seem harmful in any way.
A2Q1SEDSK9DBOW	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSUBLV4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	433	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no					should be careful 					
A2Q2IMR3GBBTU3	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48LBU2V	UnnamedCompany	247	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	I don't believe the research is hurting anyone and may have benefits.		I think the research will help keep accounts more secure.	I think the results will be helpful	I think they should do their research and it will help others	It seems harmless.		I think it sounds like a helpful experiment.	I think it would be okay to participate	Sounds like it won't hurt anyone and will be beneficial
A2Q5HZ6S3N619T	3A1PQ49WVHIHACPNQENS1GY9MBM1HJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	390	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes									I would want to make sure the person that I cared about knew about phishing and this study might help them learn how to prevent falling for phishing attacks.	
A2Q98TY41UE516	3JWH6J9I9SEAX6TQV9BUCC8EUZHNBS	WithoutImprovingProduct	446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	I think the results of this experiment would be good and could possibly help prevent scammers from operating in the future!	The experiment seems harmless enough. 	It would be beneficial in learning how hackers and the people they hack operate.			It seems sort of sketchy. I wouldn't want anyone I cared for to be involved in an experiment about spam and scams.	I wouldn't care either way. The experiment doesn't seem too bad to participate in, but at the same time it doesn't seem all that important either.	Then the person I cared for would learn a little more about password security!		This experiment doesn't seem to be too bad on the participants. I wouldn't care either way if someone I cared for participated. 
A2Q9EDMARU6D1P	3VHP9MDGRNLHJJ8FBLOCFR5NAMQCFY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	487	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2QAAI9NQ86YNJ	3ON104KXQKXGZ1HV8VSU0HFZDEM4W2	Twitter	939	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	I think that the results of this experiment would be positive.	I heard certain organizations are getting in trouble for this.	I don't see the harm. I think it could actually be helpful.	Phishing is very common and people should be more aware of it.	I believe that it is harmless.				I think it would help to educate them.	It wouldn't really effect me.
A2QAPBV0926KIL	3SNVL38CI4TSZ50TCWF9V4XSIHQKCP	Twitter	1017	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I would modify the study to include a notification that they had been duped.	In the end, Twitter can do whatever they want, but again, blocking communication goes directly against what they provide to their end users.	Ensure that no data is stored, and the web forms are properly secured.	The process should be modified, the study should be incorporated to allow the testing of logins without human interaction or access, and the stored data should be properly hashed.	I see no reason not to, the study is seeking to measure specific responses under certain conditions, not harmful in any way.	If someone I knew had fallen for this, I would want them to be notified.	People use social media to communicate, by preventing that, they're doing a disservice to their customer base.	As long as no password data is stored, this is acceptable.	I do not believe the researchers should have access to passwords, it goes against security ethics.	The study seems harmless, and in the end, the study is honest with the participant. I think it's very fair.
A2QBSHKTRY2831	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICUPA7R	Control	475	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A2QBY47K90M99E	3R5F3LQFV2LOXPWI22RADJFMB6HZOM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	190	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent									It's not my problem.	
A2QCDKTLMY4P48	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTID98ARL	Twitter	950	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	It doesn't seem to be creating harm where there was none - just substituting their own spam for someone else's.	It seems unethical to me, to manipulate people's social interactions when they believe they are acting freely	This is another one that assumes the researchers are infallible morally and ethically.	See above - a little too dangerous - how do we know the researchers can be trusted?	There doesn't seem to be much possibility of the study going too far wrong, so I think the positives outweigh any negatives	It seems fairly harmless, except for time wasted	The whole thing would be too annoying to them, and of little personal benefit	I think they would feel somewhat violated.	The experiment seems to push beyond ethical boundaries, and is ripe for exploitation	Nothing much to lose, and I don't think anybody would feel too offended
A2QCQGZD7T1QNL	3OLF68YTN92TQ4BHR7SL9WFZALEFAC	NoAdvertising	420	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A2QD7QFGCUNF5N	3WMOAN2SRBYP6KRW0Q2UDO2LXI2VNT	WithoutImprovingProduct	3620	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	.					.				
A2QDW0I2B4A7E	32ZKVD547FO3T20GDQRF3YA8PEU3BO	NoAdvertising	385	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			User education is paramount to successful cyber security.							
A2QH1BQA6GR48O	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZI714F1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	14374	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	This seems perfectly okay with me. 		If it is done responsibly, I suppose. I wouldn't participate. 					This seems sketchy to me. 		As long as the security risk is not real. 
A2QH6KC3S3KCMX	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XL412N	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	289	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2QJGCSM7MGM67	3E4GGUZ1T8SF1N8RF3Q3JRO66SY2KN	Twitter	974	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This research is a little strange to me.	They should be allowed because there is no harm in this experiment. It may, however, bring the question of privacy. If they genuinely care only about studying the moods of people, then it's okay. But if it has some other reasoning that invades someone privacy, then it shouldn't be proceeded.	Since the passwords will remain private, the researchers should be allowed to proceed with this experiment.	They have to make sure they don't invade people's privacy.	This experiment is ethical as it eventually reveal to the participants the truth behind the purpose of the study. There's no harm in it either. So researchers should be allowed to proceed, but make sure they abide by the ethical laws.	It may be risky.	I don't have a preference because this study doesn't involve any harm. 	I don't have a preference because there is no invasion of privacy or harm.	They don't violate the ethics law, so it's up to the person if they wish to participate or not.	I don't really have a preference because the experiment is ethical. So it's up to the person if they want to participate or not.
A2QJGPYZZ1DTIP	32XVDSJFPZYARB8U0F3JY4GAVXAM2T	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	4136	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent			They may actually upset some of the test subjects after the experiment is done, even though they aren't collecting the information, the subjects may not believe them		Sometimes when it comes to experiments the best way to find answers is to deceive subjects			I know a few people who can use a little more help on password security.		I don't see why not, maybe they can learn something at the end of the experiment.
A2QK58RSVD2HWH	3E7TUJ2EGCNIN1NG8VJVP11USNED9C	WithoutPublication	641	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		No, it is invasion of privacy.			When you accept a hit you read over an agreement and then proceed so yes, I think so.		I myself would not want to be in an experiment without giving permission so no.		Again not without testing permission.	Participating in HITs means you are agreeing to testing and experiments.  So if they agree then yes, I would want them to be included
A2QPAGBQWGDMX2	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZBZXGC4	InsertPosts	499	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	the findings or results arent meaningful or worthy enough to study.	Messing with someones feed may cause further problems. per say lets say its true negative posts makes someone negative in that case they might act that way all day.	peoples passwords are personal and no one should have access to them.		many people can benefit from this study.	i hate spam email just as much as any one else and i would not wish this study on anyone.	it wouldnt be a drastic change so it would not be a big deal to participate.	i dont trust that these researchers will not collect or store passwords.		i know some people who dont pay attention and hopefully this can make them aware when there is a risk.
A2QRR82LDBDP70	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA996423	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1033	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	My only worry here is if they are attempting to buy something won't they enter credit card information, address, and other sensitive information? If so, how can you be sure that someone will not be able to get a hold of it, either within the researcher group or by the spammers themselves? I think it would just have to be very closely watched a monitored to make sure that everyone's privacy is kept intact. 	Facebook these days is a joke.  It is not used as a means to keep in contact with people they may not see everyday, know their number, or is the only way they can communicate.  It is used to bitch, creep, post things to make their lives seem glamorous,to play games, waste time and mostly because it has become such habit. Everyone is seeking "likes." Do I believe that it would have an impact on what people are more likely to post? Absolutely, we are sheep, we follow the crowd, and if that person is getting likes, attention and sympathy for what they posted, I believe someone who wants the attention will post something similar. On the contrary if someone is posting something cool they just did, or is being positive there are always those who want to "one-up" that person and make their life seem better by posting something they perceive to be better. Sorry end of rant, but yea I do believe it would have an impact. 	Even though I believe that the passwords would not be stored, kept, or used in any matter by the researchers, there is always the chance that one person in the group is not morally responsible and could use the sensitive information.  I feel that it would have to be very closely monitored to make sure there was no temptation to act in an unmoral manner.						To me it wouldn't really matter because I know it is a secure experiment, that there is no real risk associated with it.	Even though the I would never know how they reacted, I would still be interested in seeing the results and try to figure out how they reacted. 
A2QSSS14HVUS42	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ5XEW3	Control	630	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent				There are some obvious ethical issues about not getting consent, but the risk seems very low. 						
A2QT68NJYAJV9P	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FN7OZXN	Control	543	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes	People already know about spam and I don't think it would help reduce spam	People need to be aware they are participating.  It sounds like it might be done secretly, which seems unethical.	It seems like it could help people be more secure.	Would decrease the chance of people being victimized by phishing		It seems unethical	I wouldn't want a friend's facebook feed tampered with like that.	Since no passwords are actually collected, I wouldn't have a problem with it.	It would help keep their email more secure	It might help people become more aware of security risks.
A2QVJHKCKODQO6	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEILBKRJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	400	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		It violates the privacy of the individuals involved.					It is a violation of the person's privacy.			
A2QXZSOBDDMRI3	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ9BRH0	WithoutImprovingProduct	621	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Needs debrief.	Debrief.	It's a good experiment, but I don't know how well it would work. That might throw up some serious red flags, and if there was ANY researcher error, it would be a net harmful study.	Again, ironclad research methods. Someone needs to double check what the researchers are actually keeping track of.	It'll mess with people but immediate debrief seems reasonable.	Can't see why there's no debrief afterwards.	No debrief, no even semblance of consent.	I have very little ability to tell up front whether a given study is legitimate or not.	Again, this is in the spirit of breeding distrust among people.	Unclear what "facing a security risk" means here.
A2QYPV6CZ6IJL9	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBKI63J	WithoutPublication	517	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		I'm not sure how I feel about this. On one hand, it's a good experiment, but on the other I don't like that people are being used without their knowledge.		Absolutely not. It's a complete invasion of privacy.			I would want someone I cared about to be able to see whatever they want on their newsfeed -- not what Facebook decides they should see based on an experiment.		I don't agree with this kind of trickery to get people to participate in experiments.	I feel that this deception is a bit different in that it doesn't make the user feel so betrayed by the researcher.
A2R02DYCDLY75U	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA4W7LFS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2010	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	If the users have elected to respond to the spam emails, they're being duped any way; I'd rather their lapse of judgement prove fruitful for the researchers than for the would-be spammers. I know that sounds callous.	FB is an environment in which users usually interact with their close friends and family - this feels entirely too intrusive. 				If the users have elected to respond to the spam emails, they're being duped any way; I'd rather their lapse of judgement prove fruitful for the researchers than for the would-be spammers. I know that sounds callous.	I hate that Facebook has no qualms about actively manipulating their users' moods. 		It seems relatively harmless - the participant isn't handing over personal information. 	The participants are being duped into being unnecessarily cautious; I don't see the harm in that. 
A2R0YYUAWNT7UD	3TGOYF991XN2OVM5S14BVXSWR73UUC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	320	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		I don't see any risks involved.	People would be pissed about you guys knowing their info.	I'm sure some people would get pissed off.	No risks		Again, I see no harm in this, so I don't see why not.	I guess it would help bring attention to phishing.	Well, I don't see any negative consequences, so sure.	I see no reason for them not to particiapte
A2R185S50MW2ZF	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBEGJ4H	WithoutPublication	280	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent			I think that they would need to think about the potential reactions of the people being experimented on.	They would need explicit permission from the university and make sure that it did not violate any laws.				Yes, because it would make them more aware that their habits were insecure.	It would educate them about phishing attacks.	
A2R3Q94FZX33B9	3ERMJ6L4DYTHDC506RKEUVXI6CH7MD	UnnamedCompany	375	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			It to help protect people for getting their passwords stolen				I think this is a cool experiment to be a part of to see if it really did work	To help with the research		I still believe that it will help the person see their mistakes on the internet
A2R7Q4WA1GIMYK	3GLB5JMZFXWX2BAOM1P5HINHW81GDE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1754	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	My concern would be that the numbers would be artificially skewed higher.  If a person is trying to buy something through a spam email chances are that person is either not computer savvy or particularly intelligent.  Thus when they fail to complete the purchase the first time, they are likely to try for a second or third time.  The researchers will also be dealing with people of the mindset who think they are chasing a great deal (like getting Viagra at a quarter of the regular cost) and those people are more inclined to try and continue chasing the deal.	If you have to deal with Facebook, you should just assume that they are going to do this type of stuff.					If this experiment was being conducted by Facebook, I personally don't trust either their motives or integrity.  They may run the experiment under the guise of scientific research but it is really all about profit.			There is no chance of physical or lasting harm to the participant, only a minor inconvenience. 
A2RB4WF5CDMEL9	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKFS9H2	UnnamedCompany	5757	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I don't trust the "researchers" any more than I would trust the "spammers".	So why do they need to know that anyway, Bad Idea.		An invasion of privacy--almost as bad as the phishing itself,	Above ^^	Mind your own business, researchers.	Invasion of privacy--it reminds me of the recent trick (experiment) that was played on Facebook members. Unethical!	Invasion of privacy. Hey, this is a lot longer than 10 minutes!	It seems like an invasion of privacy. 	I don't like the deception. And the worry that this would cause would produce unnecessary pain and suffering, in my opinion. 
A2RB8SI0GE72RR	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IOFWHX	Control	640	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	I believe the researchers should make their own spambot, not use an existing one. To me, it seems more secure for the purposes of the study. I believe people should be informed if they were included in the study, maybe on the "checkout" page. 	Only be allowed with consent of participants		For instance, the link to the phishing site should have a disclaimer after the participant has been "fooled", carefully explaining that their info has not been stored, then on that page ask if their info may be used in the study					I know many people that would say "but it has (company)'s logo.	
A2RBGWAXD9VYWE	3WAKVUDHUWH0QKA9FTB0L5ECJWZ7UG	NoAdvertising	432	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2RHBGQ1JJ04Y	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4S8C0H	InsertPosts	203	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A2RHQDS58PL14K	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0FTOGQ	NoAdvertising	1091	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	I am all for anything to help curb this problem.	FB is an emotionally charged environment to begin with.  I am concerned about any intentional manipulation.	Anything that would help curb this problem is good with me.	Again, use of a trusted friend to deceive and manipulate is not ok with me.	See above	I would hope that the experiment would help them learn not to do this.	I was concerned when I read about this experiment because I have many friends on FB who are emotionally fragile.	If the person that I cared about fell for the pseudo hackers I would want them to learn not to do that.	I think involving a trusted friend, even for the possibly better good, is not ok.	I would like to see any help available for persons to be more aware of their security on the net.
A2RJ2AXLUTD2QU	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMWB98Z8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	458	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A2RL4FJKPZ489S	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEU19UO	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes									It is a good experiement	It is an important experiment 
A2RMJNF6IPI42F	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH8Y2LXC	InsertPosts	13942	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent		only if subjects were aware	participants would have to be made aware of all possible risks			sounds like too many things could go wrong and it would be difficult to determine what was statistically significant	only if they were fully aware of being experimented on	if it's legitimate like through a university then it's ok. if it's for some corporation then, no.	it's important to determine how easy it is to fall for something like this	if they're aware they're being experimented on
A2RMUF9TK0Q4P2	3AUQQEL7U5UMLOZPZK0W2C68P0IV0V	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	326	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2RPQ7RGQ5J62L	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6ZWV51	NoAdvertising	943	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	See above	See above..manipulation of information...also they will never tell the subjects they have been subjects.	any access to anther's passwords needs to be carefully safeguarded.	see above	INCREASING AWA\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nIncreasing awareness of security warnings seems like a good idea and there don't seem to be any down sides.	Too invasive.. there are good spam filters now if people are interested in stopping spam.... its their decision to buy or not buy a product	This is manipulation in an area that people are trusting of. Also many people use facebook to keep an eye on their friends moods and this would invalidate that information. A friend could need help and you would not know it.	I am very protective of passwords, mine and others.	Too much deception to gather very sensitive material... could also cause people to stop trusting friends	This seems like a harmless study and might actually encourage the participant to be more aware of security warnings.
A2RQAWA7EUZ6MK	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6C8T7CV	NoAdvertising	758	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	this will advance protection of common problems		password security is getting to be amuch larger issue	the ends justifies the means	it may prevent people from just clicking away	this will advance protection of common problems	facebook has a large impact on our lives	anything to help enhance security in a controlled enviroment	advancing protection against those people out there wishing to steal from us is a worthy cause but dupping the unknowing seems wrong	increasing understanding of threats is a good idea
A2RQKRXRLYRWQI	3XM0HYN6NK087UHNLFQCH9JUXA2PEV	WithoutImprovingProduct	736	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		I am uncertain how ethical this experiment really is. This smacks to much of emotional manipulation bordering on possible abuse.								
A2RQLR6GOOWW9I	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8S1IB5	UnnamedCompany	427	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	hackers are a creative bunch, and can alter the experiment themselves if they figured out the system.  They would then have access to a lot more then desired.	They are interfering with a personal aspect of their lives without them knowing about it.		They should proceed with the study only if they ask permission for the passwords before they are used, but after the need exists.  Invasion of privacy concerns.	Scientific experiments are there to increase positive life theories.			These types of studies are important to increase hacker awareness		Scientific experiments are there to increase positive life theories.
A2RQQZR3CAOZH4	3ZSANO2JCF8XQ0XB87ECUW95WPGSFC	InsertPosts	958	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	Yes I still think they should be allowed to continue.	Yes, I don't see and risks.			because it's dealing with security risks.	With more information i am a bit unsure.	Yes because the research is harmless although it involves Facebook and tempering with users posts.		I would feel a bit better about them participating if there's a fake site involved. 	yes, because they'll be familiar with it.
A2RSZI4HXL1S23	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01UVATO	Control	721	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes		All candidates should be screened before being allowed to partake in the study.	I believe that the researchers should screen their candidates before the experiment is conducted.	I feel like the university students should not have access to the personal information of the candidate. They should only be able to know if the phishing attack was successful or not.	The researchers should choose their candidates after reviewing them with a screening process.		I feel like a study of this nature would help my piers acknowledge faults in their security preferences and make them consider changes for possible threats in the future.	I feel like such a study would allow the person I care about to re-evaluate their security standards and make positive improvement.	I feel like this is a breach of the candidates personal information and the study should not be carried on.	I feel like the study would allow the person I cared about to realize their security faults and improve on them/
A2RW1BQRUW1A4D	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKF5QY8	InsertPosts	407	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes	It seems like a good idea.	seems fishy				I do not really care either way.	seems fishy			This seems like a good idea
A2RZX1TESTKPS4	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MP3CZ1	UnnamedCompany	4045	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A2S6QOCFC3EAYH	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C2Z05S	WithoutImprovingProduct	702	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes						i see no harm from this to anyone i care about who is foolish enough to respond to spam	this seems wrong and manipulative	the person that i cared about would learn to be more cautious in the future	the person that i cared about would learn to be more cautious in the future,whether or not he succumbed to the phishing attack and gave up his password	
A2S7B4E93NWOK3	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP49ZJXA	WithoutPublication	971	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	This seems a little shady. I think they should probably inform people at the point of purchase what's going on.	I seriously doubt the motivation is mood, it's facebook, so there must be a marketing angle.					I think that kind of manipulation is wrong, and mean.		I think it would be a good lesson, we all give way too much away online.	
A2S85OWP5FWIVV	3FE2ERCCZX9UJLUCFTT8MLD814XOP7	WithoutImprovingProduct	675	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A2S8UXZXF6TLXE	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEH0U0IF	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	I agree it would be somewhat interesting to learn more about the spamming process.					The risks are too extreme.	Don't care what happens on facebook.	That seem informative, many people I know could stand to learn what tricks not to fall for.		
A2S9H15H44HKFE	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OY8SDR5	InsertPosts	732	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes									seems harmless enough.	
A2SBN6V55I5K4I	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7PILAL	WithoutImprovingProduct	354	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A2SF7RQUVRB3GG	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IF0WH0	InsertPosts	391	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Not worthwhile			Worthwhile study and proper controls in place	Worthwhile study	We have enough spam already	Facebook is nearly useless		Important to raise awareness about such attacks	
A2SG8K445T50MJ	3F0BG9B9MPOH7TUEPU8POQKPFP3Y78	NoAdvertising	1449	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes		Yes, but with caution because if they manipulate someone's emotions, they need to do background studies of these subjects so they do not inadvertently cause undo emotional harm to someone with a vulnerability in that area, ie: depression.		Possibly re-think it a bit.		Again, you are crossing privacy boundaries that should not be crossed.  Will these unsuspecting people be able to buy the product they are going to the "website" to see or will their credit card be denied or some such thing as that?  I see a potential lawsuit for invasion of privacy if that is the case, since they will be submitting very sensitive data onto the site.	There is no harm in the experiment, so yes, it would be interesting to participate or know someone who participated. 	this has a potential of being a powerful tool to help stop hackers, yet, like the previous experiment, there are privacy issues that may leave researchers open to a lawsuit.	This crosses a boundary that should not be crossed.  Sending the phishing emails is fine, tracking them is fine and recording the results is fine.  But not using the university's system to verify that the passwords entered are valid.  That would made the unknowing participant feel exposed.  It is too "creepy" to be a valid form of research.	
A2SI7I2UQ2DCOU	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG0955AZQTP	InsertPosts	378	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes										
A2SIKW18T2DYYW	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQX1WVM	NoAdvertising	913	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		I don't believe it is the job of Facebook or any social media, to "protect the mood" of users.	I believe it's a thin line to have anyone with the power to steal users passwords, without their consent.	Anything of this personal nature must be agreed upon by all participants, unless it's unethical.					This could possible cause emotional side effects.	
A2SL21ZH71Z72Y	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETO1MSI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	This could lead to the results being used by corporations to sell more products					Virus and malware risk not worth it	This experiment doesn't seem harmful			
A2SM4A7UQSTJBN	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22Y9JDCX	WithoutPublication	3015	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent					It seems like they are pushing antivirus software sales. I function better without antivirus on my computer, but I know some people need to have it.	If it encourages ending spam I am for it.				There is no actual security risk. I would pick no if the candidate was not comfortable using computers in general.
A2SNYBIYDPFIDW	3018Q3ZVOIRQTUGQI2SFQLTID59ARE	UnnamedCompany	14218	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no		IT has a valid thesis and i think it should be tested	I think it is too dangerous for a security breach	I think it is too dangerous for a security breach	Invasion of privacy	Creating excess spam isnt helpful	It doesnt matter to me it seems like it will do no harm or affect them in any way	I think it is too dangerous for a security breach	I think it is too dangerous for a security breach	I feel it is an invasion of privacy
A2SOQM4TGDOKWC	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1MQO7N	UnnamedCompany	675	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						There's no harm being done, however if they "fell" for this spam email then perhaps another informative email warning about spammers could be beneficial.	Although not mentioned, as long as participants are made aware of the experiment afterwards I feel there is no harm.	As long as the participants are aware of the experiment afterwards there is no harm.	As long as participants are notified afterwards there is no harm provided any personal information remains private to the individual student.	As long as participants are made aware of the study afterwards, I see no harm.
A2SP4P8TQSUC0F	3S0TNUHWKTJI9W4633DHP56J8NP8DN	InsertPosts	314	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2SRB7O2SG2A9P	3SKEMFQBZ36QN2AGVKZ4TI19STY8K6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	291	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A2SS244ZA6T22R	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AUOFRG	Twitter	520	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Users may not react well when hearing there feed was manipulated.	It is good to notify people of the study after the fact.		This could allow hackers to use the results for their benefit	The infection of a computer is not ethical				
A2ST875RWLWMD3	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYILDRI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2041	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	the amount of people that could be helped would out weigh any moral hang ups	again, i think any study that the participants are not aware of is wrong		i'm sure this is the best way to get the results, but i'm sure there is other ways to get this information			it sounds like the participants are not aware that they are in the study, i wouldn't condone any one being in a test they are not aware of			
A2ST9REDTH8UAN	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ59Y8N	Twitter	3564	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent				Its too invasive and could worry people that their privacy has been compromised once they get an email like that. 		Well, its fine since they're being directed to a store that doesn't work- won't collect any information etc. 				
A2STEFCSDKQ7OR	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7MEMCP	UnnamedCompany	539	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A2STG331R3P3FK	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEGYLUX	Control	973	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It may or may not be ethical to hack a hackers computer.	I think one of the bases for ethical human experimentation is INFORMED CONSENT. Notably missing from this experiment.			It poses no real risk to the participants.	Since the test subjects are the spammers using viral software to spam people I really don't care if researchers hack their computers to gather data.	Facebook does enough manipulating of what we see on our newsfeeds as it is. 	Since this study (unlike one f the previous ones mentioned in this HIT) don't actually collect the passwords it would be ok.	Even if they fall for the phishing scheme the subjects are opening themselves up to abuse if the researchers data is hacked.	
A2SU20WFDXA2TP	3N4BPTXIO8TOLZHTYN09PAJYPM9UKV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	760	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	I believe it's important for the researches to measure the effectiveness of spam emails so that perhaps one day spam can be stopped. 	Yes I think it would be a beneficial tool in helping to discover how people's minds work. 	It would be beneficial in helping to stop hackers	I don't like the fact people would have to give out personal information.  Too much chance for something to go wrong and that persons account to be hacked. 	It would be good to know what kinds of security warnings are the most effective. 	I feel it's safe since no personal information is actually going to the spammers.	I honestly don't see where this would hurt anyone by doing this.  Facebook doesn't let you see everyone's posts now as it is. 	Their information would not be collected or stolen so I see no harm in this. 	While I think this is important research and would be beneficial I would not want my loved one giving out their personal information.  Who is to say you don't have a corrupt researcher?	There doesn't appear to be any real risks here and I think it would be beneficial research.
A2SVNXNMD7E7EH	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHO4FUM	NoAdvertising	745	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	There must be a better way to research spammers, than to allow them to spam and track it; sounds like a disaster waiting to happen.			It is deceptive, and causes people to give out information they wouldn't otherwise, not being aware of the study.		I find this to be above and beyond research.	It is invasive, and I do not believe in websites like facebook tracking what we look at and typecasting our news. It leaves us vulnerable to fall into close minded thinking patterns if we do not receive things outside our normal thought process's.	There not actually damaging them in any way.	I find it to be to deceptive.	As long as they are not actually doing anything to that person; unlike the Facebook study.
A2SYRFPPV9WDEG	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBQJIEC	UnnamedCompany	11797	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2SYVZTOWYMFA8	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5N22WBR	WithoutPublication	390	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	If it's on people I don't care about, then sure.	Messing with people's emotions isn't a good thing, especially without notifying them that they are or were part of an experiment. I'm all for data collection and synthesis, but not by changing what people actually see. This seems too far - what if a person is depressive and becomes more so due to only negative stories being shown by their friends?				I would rather not have someone I care about clicking on spam for any reason.				
A2T0Q8W3OJZ9KX	3WT783CTPBIR62WZ6J2GW1E2VU2CBW	Twitter	901	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	This needs to be cleaned up ethically. Switching links behind scenes, playing with viruses, not telling people what you are doing...these are problems.	No consent, playing with human subjects' emotions requires consent and disclosure	There is no consent and this is about touching private confidential info so no.	There seem to be some disclosure problems...they seem to disclose AFTER the fact, and it would need disclosure BEFORE participation for consent.	Make sure to keep it ethical with consent	There are huge problems with consent and disclosure here.	Again, ethical problems around disclosure and consent. You could trigger depression in some doing this, etc. Using human subjects like this, not cool with PRIOR, not LATTER, consent...if consent is even attained or sought!	Ethical problems with taking private confidential info without consent 	There is something weird about it due to them using their student numbers as the school ID's them. That would need to change somehow to be more transparent for trust and not sure why.	This one seems to have consent and it not emotionally dangerous like the Twitter one...and it is a fake risk not a real virus, etc. like that other one, so...this one seems to really be pretty close to ethically sound...people are informed at end. Seems right...
A2T1U1QJ4CLFHO	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6J8ATBO	WithoutPublication	862	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	Yes but with the cautions already expressed in the above.	Yes but rather than automated algorithms, I think that each part of this should be overseen by actual people. I am imagining a situation where perhaps someone has passed away and news of that is excluded from someone's feed. That would be a very important thing for the person to know and some people I know maintain contact with others primarily through Facebook so this would have a real negative impact on their lives.	Absolutely but again with the caveat that banking and medical and other really sensitive information should not be asked for. I think that's too dangerous to play with.	As long as they take reasonable precautions and they don't use the information they get in an unethical way then yes. They should ensure that they don't ask for banking or medical or other very sensitive information just as an added precaution.	I don't know. The problem I see is that the only person I know who does HITs is myself and I know I would respond by immediately terminating the task and so you would have no way of knowing that I took part and quit and I would have no way of being compensated so I would become a bit annoyed so nobody would really benefit.	I wouldn't want my friends to be scammed but if they fall for this then I'd rather they be in your experiment and thus not be actually scammed and maybe learn from this situation.	I have no real preference for this. I don't know if it would help my friend out so I can't say if I'd want him or her to participate or not.	Again, I think it would benefit people I know who are not very computer savvy to learn how passwords can be stolen.	I think this experiment would also provide valuable lessons to people about how phishing works and how easy it is to get tricked.	I'm less sure about this since the only person I know who does HITs is myself and I know how I would respond and that would be by stopping the task immediately and getting angry so I don't know if that would help you or me.
A2T2ARV2DPR33U	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMNRD2J	NoAdvertising	449	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A2T3TJEHWXHH7U	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN800JK1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	369	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	Always was interested if people actually bought things from spam e-mails.	I see no harm in this experiment.	It will help show people how they are tricked as well as giving the researches some data on the subject.	If someone found out about this and there data was accessed without consent it could cause problems.	Will help uninformed users for there future computer use	Something that sounds interesting and more interested in the general data itself than who participates.	No interest in what others usually post.	Lots of people I know fall for this so I think it would be beneficial for them.	If the person were to be notified about being a participant I would so it could help them avoid such attacks in the future.	
A2T6KOQ1ODUWR7	3JRJSWSMQHM105C0NHT546GTSF13EQ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	974	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			It is not possible to guarantee that confidentiality will be remained. Someone could get their hands on the study results and compromise the participants.	This is crossing a line in my opinion. Although anyone who is stupid enough to put in their password after clicking on a link deserves to be scammed.	Because anyone who is cautious of security warnings will not continue. 					
A2T6RX3F2DP1KI	3ATTHHXXWAPPW8L03PQKW13PRVTXIX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	4761	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			It would help many people to be more careful. 			Its for a good cause and participants will not be identified. 	Quite interesting.	Very serious violation.		
A2T92HDGKGJH37	3NKQQ8O39Y6G7TBJ66EMLXO85EYUD6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	359	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2TACC8H6KB8R7	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155NDG31	UnnamedCompany	691	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Too much personal info being given out without knowledge 	It just measures positive and negative Facebook posts	As long as not storing password	Wouldn't feel comfortable researchers having real passwords	Its just a warning of a security risk. Not an Actual risk will happen	Seems to much personal info being given out 	Not a big deal so doesn't matter to me	Since not storing password seems ok	I wouldn't want someone to be tricked in giving real password	It seems interesting and wouldn't harm the person I know 
A2TCT6RFZ0FVLI	3YMU66OBIN9EERFQ8X8V832FORLGHW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			The people seeing the passwords should be trustworthy enough to not steal them	Make sure those seeing the information are trustworthy.  				Would be an interesting thing to see	It might be interesting to see the experiment	
A2TDAI42SCGC8X	3TPZPLC3M0D5XW1QWV9GYIFX6MPP3J	InsertPosts	13621	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This could lead to some valuable results.	As long as the study is anonymous, I don't see a harm, but they need to be careful messing with people's moods. You don't want to make someone feel negative and then do something in their daily life that could harm someone else or themselves.	This could turn out to be very valuable. Researchers could figure out how many people fall for these tricks and what to do about them.	A lot of people are still oblivious to the dangers phishing holds. This experiment needs to take place.	This could lead to some really good developments including better ways to warn people of a security threat.	I'd be interested to know the results of this study. If everyone remains anonymous, I don't see the harm.	If all it took was for this person to read some positive thoughts and comments to be in a good mood, why not be included?	If they're not actually stealing the data, I don't see a problem with it.	I think people need to be scared into realizing that phishing is a very real threat. People need to know that giving their password can be potentially harmful.	There is no harm in participating. There was never any real threat.
A2TDLLB8JTZGBN	30OG32W0SUC8495A50DKDKEZXOMNE4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	400	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent										
A2TFI1YWN3UY0	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH820XLU	Twitter	702	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes				Any kind of experiment should always proceed with caution.					To help them understand the potential risks of phishing.	
A2TFTKEVRLDPNN	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8POV8U	UnnamedCompany	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes			It would be wise to proceed with extreme caution with this study. Even though the passwords would not be stored, it is slightly concerning to probably many people that someone would steal their password. While this study would have excellent benefits, the fact still remains they would have to "hack" to get said passwords and this could cause conflict from the participants. 	While I understand the benefits of a blind study and while logging into a university website is not the worst attack a "phisher" could do, this may present some hostility from the unknowing participants. They trust their university to keep them safe, and if they knew that the university allowed a research group to infiltrate their students (in a manner of speaking) it might cause some severe distrust down the road. 						
A2TG7EEQ2XG2IK	3OSWBBLG1EY8OX5EBBP954NCZPCDX0	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	526	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2TGN6O0Y6S9EL	3Y5140Z9DXHKNZJ9HYG32OHMPVOPI3	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	400	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		It's a little risky but worth it.		Studies are a great way to learn.	It's an interesting but risky experiment.		It should be up to them.		It's only a study-- they won't actually be harmed.	It should be their right for it to be up to them.
A2TIUGSX13FMY5	3F0BG9B9MPOH7TUEPU8POQKPFOA7YM	InsertPosts	481	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	NO I understand the want to do the research but theres no way to do this without invading someones personal space and property					No  because their computer is at potential risk of others hands not their own	because it shows how others opinions affect your own		its potentially harmful	it has potentially positive benefits
A2TIV553DM68N7	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6H4YJA	Twitter	698	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	they are acting almost the same as the spammer using people to get what they want and not telling them about it. 	what if the friend who posted the negative thought really needs someone to reach out to them but there friend doesnt because they werent able to see the tweet. 	they are not hurting anybody and there research and finding can help prevent predatory hackers from hurting people in the future	in the long run they are not hiding anything and are going to help people. 	they are not hurting anyone but in the end may end up helping people. 	Not informing the people being used helps them in no way so they are just being used. 	i dont believe that you should keep someone from seeing what there friend posts on a social network. 	It is causing them no actual harm and will help teach them and others how to avoid these attacks from real hackers who intend to use there information in a harmful way. 	they arent actually harming or hiding anything from the students instead they may learn from the experience 	again the researchers will not be hurting the person i care about and will be helping them in the long run. 
A2TL18J7K3G2A3	3WJEQKOXA8320PH9K8D0KUB59BNA1Y	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	929	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A2TLYMTFPCZVMM	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4L1C0W	WithoutPublication	278	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2TMWYLZY40I9	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7ESMLMDK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	661	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes			As long as they are ethical, this should be fine		This seems pretty innocuous		The fact that facebook is involved makes me uncomfortable	I believe research is important		
A2TNN79BJH759	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MR8ZCX	NoAdvertising	604	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	No one is harmed in any way as a direct result of the study.	It is actively interfering with someone's internet usage without their consent.				It doesn't seem harmful or beneficial to the participant, so it doesn't matter to me.		May be educational due to the debriefing.		It may have an end result of educating the participant.
A2TOVSZL1FNPDF	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6E679C	UnnamedCompany	831	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	This seems to have a lot of flaws. 	I understand there are reasons (producing features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users) but there are probably other ways to do it, and if a person feels psychologically vulnerable they should be able to decide that for themselves, such as there are ways to download a program that can block certain tags on tumblr.	Perhaps some way of getting people to sign up for a similar task where they wouldn't know the actual reasoning behind it but where they would be giving permission to the researchers to be a part of the study	Privacy issues	It sounds like a fine idea. 	The people participating in this research are left clueless about it and are never debriefed, the way the researchers are going about with the spam emails seems very weird and not necessarily the safest way to do it. 	I don't think researchers should have access to people's personal accounts, this would lead them to be able to see the participants personal information, possibly also the information (name, location, etc) of the participants friends on the social network site	I feel like this would not be as much an invasion of privacy as the social networking one was. Plus the participant would be debriefed following the study. 	This seems like an invasion of privacy (recording passwords and also getting access to passwords from the school). Also looking at facebook to find friends and then using the friends name to trick the person into opening the email is not good. 	I don't see anything wrong with this. Deception is used all the time in research and as long as the participant is debriefed I feel that this is okay. 
A2TP6GDF71HM4M	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KOPES4	WithoutImprovingProduct	1196	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	sounds a little invasive might scare people. 	they already did this. playing with peoples emotions is never ok some people are fragile.	people need to be aware of this and taught how to respond this is the first step in awareness	people facebooks and emails get hacked all the time. 	security is important and we often ignore warnings.			i wouldnt care		i dont see why I would care
A2TRJVMFICR2C6	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW64HKT1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	229	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							Its not right to toy with people emotions.			
A2TS8FKW615SUU	34Z02EIMISE78WV0UP0H1UINSB0T03	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	458	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes				The experiment will give the researchers access to a tom of passwords. The intention is good, but what if those passwords are leaked? It's a risk. 			It's a good cause!			They're at no real risk 
A2TU6L8O1FNOCB	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WL4W4CX	WithoutPublication	208	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2TUBQAU2SRL5B	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMW1FZ8L	Control	1279	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	The research being performed isn't worth the invasion of privacy	It's Facebook, let them do what they want					I don't care about Facebook		Too much of an invasion of privacy (finding friends, verifying passwords, etc.)	But only if they got paid.
A2TV1UVOBZ2SY9	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBOBIE0	WithoutPublication	457	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This research could provide valuable insight into spammers and their habits.					Since it remains anonymous, there is no personal harm to the participants and provides the opportunity for the researchers to gain valuable information.		Again, no harm in participation.		
A2TVUF3EXZMXWY	3IO1LGZLK9YJONPRTG53JZWRRVQ867	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	638	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no										
A2TXWYY91LRGJG	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMBZT6M5	NoAdvertising	572	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no			as it is for good cause					i personally dont mind to be a participant but not one who i care		
A2TYQ81LYBNMV9	3V5Q80FXIXS95P0KUXY42574V37322	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	853	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	it is unethical to covertly infect someone's computer and monitor anyone's activities. The government does enough of this. I would hate to see more private sector invasions of privacy	Preying on the vulnerable to try and sell them things they do not need is detestable and unconscionable.  	This will only create panic. Again, I would be fearful of the researchers actually recording and selling my info. i have no guarantees 	see above. creepy and outright invasive.	ethically i see a concern if the security warnings make people think they have already been compromised, creating panic. if they are alerts that proceeding might be unsafe and it is clear that the computer will be safe if they turn around then i would say it is fine.	Privacy is a concern here. I do not blindly trust a researcher and I dont want them to see my, or anyone else's, shopping habits.	fuck facebook for all the selling of info they do on a daily basis. the point of them doing this experiment is to tailor ads to someone's emotions to hope they will buy things on emotion. it is gutless and deplorable. 	With the ongoing selling of information that many people already partake in, i would be scared of the researcher and their integrity. 	creepy and unethical to steal someone's passwords regardless of intent. facebook stalking adds a dimension of creepy.	no malicious attacks on the computer or anyone being tricked in to divulging personal info. this seems ethical.
A2TZ9OCCRH7MVR	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6XEV5F	Twitter	1964	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A2U0PGDD0O1GBR	3LRKMWOKB5IAQI7DF4TD66CJA18Z23	Control	1613	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	no		I am confident the researchers can find another, upfront, way to gather this information.		Poking around in someone's facebook page for the purposes of deceiving them rubs me the wrong way.	People could get very upset at the thought of their computer being compromised.	This one is hard. I can't think of any other way to get this information. But how would the researchers know that they are getting a representative sample? 	Experimenting on people without their knowledge is wrong - especially for the 'psychologically vulnerable' 	I've done HITs wherein the researcher noted at the end that some deception was necessary to gain the results. I am uncomfortable with the idea of including sensitive material like passwords in any experiment. What if one of the researchers is for whatever reason tempted to use the information for illegal purposes?	I do hold researchers in high regard, and I understand their results often are of value. However, I do not believe they should act without the informed consent of the people they are surveying. 	
A2U71Q51BUUWBR	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRM5NTEO	WithoutImprovingProduct	740	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Seems like an invasion of privacy	It is an invasion of privacy	Passwords are personal and that is just like hacking	I don't know if there are any long term negative effects, but Im leaning toward no	Doesn't seem like it will hurt anything and can gather useful info	Still seems dangerous that others are watching your moves without you knowing	This is wrong to mess with someone's news feed and give them negative information	I wouldn't want anyone I know to give up their passwords to anyone	Seems sneaky and not fair	Seems like there is no harm in this experiment
A2U77P7ML4ZXDB	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U1FWOP	UnnamedCompany	791	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes					They need to be careful. Some people can get very upset if they feel they have been manipulated.	The researchers are not informing the customer of their deception.		It is done by researchers, not hackers, so information will not actually be stolen and the researchers are making the participant aware of the "deception".	Too intrusive. People seem to fall for these phishing schemes no matter what.	While my friend will be "duped" at first, the researchers do explain that it isn't a real risk and is very helpful to improving security warning in the future.
A2U7HWYD5KOBKW	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX8RWBIR	Twitter	602	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes			It actually sounds like a good idea	I think looking at Facebook pages is too much I don't think scammers look at friends Facebook pages	This sounds like a good idea	I think setting up a fake store is too much		I want everyone to know how easy it is to get hacked		My husband needs to be in this hit. Drives me crazy.
A2U863QKRSPS7U	3I02618YA07PWQE9BF5HLR5XJQAUPF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	469	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes						I feel this is going to far.	I feel that this study is harmless.	Since it seems like there is full disclosure to the participant, I wouldn't have a problem with those close to be participating.	I feel that this goes to far.	I feel like this experiment is being conducted ethically.
A2U95Q8MC398RW	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFDEG64	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1010	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	Not without the participants being notified of their monitoring activities. 	Yes. I think this experiment is mostly safe for those involved and has the potential for a very positive outcome.	As listed above, I would like to see the procedure for how the participants will type their passwords and how that information would be protected and hidden from those conducting the study. 		I think the study is alright as long as the study takes place as described and the participants are not put in any unnecessarily stressful situations. 	I think it is a problem that the users will not be informed that they are being monitored about the activities of the study. I also think that allowing the computer to be infected can lead to security risks for logins required to operate the computer.  	Yes. I think that studying the effects of comments on Facebook is important in understanding how we can effect others by the things we say and do on social network sites.	I am a little more skeptical about this research. I see that it says the passwords will not be collected, but it seems that the study would require the participant to possibly give up their passwords which makes we think this could be a danger.	I think once again, I am having trouble with the participants giving up their passwords. I also think it is a problem that the study requires impersonating a university email address and looking up personal information from the student's Facebook profile.	I don't have any major objections to this study. I realize there is some deception involved, but I feel the negative effects of this deception are mostly harmless and the participants receive an explanation after completing the study.
A2UCMML1FFCBBM	3VFJCI1K4Z0R3LTT42KPM74LB29RGY	NoAdvertising	3725	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	AS I said. I hope this is a joke. My computer is my private domain. I hate cookies, but they are forced on us. I hate Facebooks lack of privacy and have my site fastened down to the best of my abilities. I don't care about research to the extent it feels the right ro use my private space for an experiment.	Facebook users should determine for themselves what posts they want to see and possibly block or unfriend. 	Is this a real study?	I think I already answered that no student should have their private info used this way.	Seems to me the best way to is to be upfront. Tell them it is a security breach test and teach them how to proceed if it were to really happen to them.	Spam can carry other malware with it so no. No should be given the right to invade someones computer for any reason. This one wouldn't even let them know it happened. I hope this is a joke.	I feel that this is a form of privacy invasion and that we should never have posts removed from our friends. It is a personal choice to sit and read negative posts, no matter how it affects us. 	You can bet I am checking my computer after this survey.	Again I feel this is an invasion of privacy. I think it would undermine their trust in the university. It certainly makes me wonder kind of university would ever give out student passwords. That is just wrong.	I am older and I hate it when I feel my security has been breached. I am not a computer guru, so I do not have the expertise to fix the problem and I just shut down my computer. I would never follow the information the test gave me. I got malware from my computer that way. I would not want my friends to have to deal with that.
A2UEWRIWRW0FT3	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK0ED278	WithoutImprovingProduct	629	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	i dont want anyone knowing what i read or click on, this is an invasion of privacy	not ethical if not told ahead of time	very unethical	unethical, shady		there has to be another way...this is not right, would never let someone i care about do this, very unethical, sneaky and devious, invasion of privacy and civil rights	i would really care if it was a negative feed, people i care about should not be subjected to negativity	privacy issues, shady and unethical	very unethical	totally wrong, unethical and seemingly criminal
A2UF2FRGVW4T89	35USIKEBNRH4RUCVZIUM1WMMGPEN6X	NoAdvertising	1405	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes				While it may be a benefit to security, I think that people have a right to their privacy as well.	I think it is important to make sure that participants are properly debriefed about the nature of the survey so as to alleviate any possible anxieties they may have about their online privacy.				While I would want to help the research and would care about the online security of this person, I would not want to infringe upon their privacy. 	I think this would be good research for online security and the results would be anonymous. 
A2UG5XCJTZE3FR	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDHUY8M8	WithoutImprovingProduct	295	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent						it sounds unfair to not allow someone to have a choice. 				
A2UHK3HU3JQZFI	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHG8AZMJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	477	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		It seems like fraud to post fake items. How is a study about moods important?								
A2UISTPVTDPOOG	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKFZYQA	WithoutPublication	421	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2UKRWT6RAVA1C	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO5Y262C	WithoutPublication	362	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2UL8LYMIZ6JRI	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7RQZD3	WithoutPublication	781	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't see any harm coming out of manipulating Facebook for science.		I've worked in IT and helped people who've fallen victim to phishing. I think any data in this field would be beneficial in the long run. 	Studying how to make a more legitimate security risk notification sounds like a great idea.	I don't see any issue with it either way, it would be up to the person to decide.		I don't see anything detrimental about the experiment. Maybe it would teach someone to be more careful with their password. 		I wouldn't care either way, it wouldn't hurt anyone and it's just data collection. 
A2ULC7PIEJ6PU9	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHILA66	UnnamedCompany	485	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent			Care needs to be taken over privacy concerns.	I think it should be re-worked so that people's privacy isn't violated as much.	People should be briefed accordingly on the details.			This experiment seems more ethical in that the passwords aren't recorded.	I think their personal information would be exposed, even if it was a controlled experiment.  You would still be recording their password.	This experiment seems ethical
A2UMEOMMINTG6Z	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3AUH1XA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	520	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	Doing things with peoples activities and making notes of what people are doing, even anonymously is a slippery slope. 			Using people without their knowledge before hand does not sound like a great idea.						
A2UP0PQTMAHKQK	3VHHR074H3IX7UNF6FJZUIIT6517LH	WithoutPublication	477	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	While I don't want someone I know to be tricked I don't see a reason to stop the experiment.	Again I see no reason to stop the experiment.	They should let people know ahead of time that nothing is really going to be stored.	No harm done from study.	This is too serious an issue to mess around with without telling someone.  You don't know what they may need to keep secure on their computer.	If they were trying to buy something for real they would be blocked by this and mislead.	To me Facebook is used to communicate with family.  If something important happens I don't want them to be excluded whether good or bad.  You may hurt someone's feeling as a result.	I see no harm in it.	No real harm will come from this	This can be a real scare for them if they think there is a security issue.
A2UP60TLA9A6C1	3IAS3U3I0FHE8K4X9QDAKO5GJ6M2BG	WithoutImprovingProduct	1913	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	The experiment sounds entirely illegal and unethical in every way.	Same reasons as above. 		I believe this experiment would make a lot of the participants angry. In addition, I know that there is not a university or school in existence that would provide any one - even for a study/experiment - passwords to their students accounts. The school would be in HUGE trouble for doing so, students would be very angry, and I could see lawyers coming into play.	For the above reason as well as I don't think it is needed to see how other react to security warnings. Most people now have software such as McAfee or other software to warn them and they will always take that seriously. 	I would not want myself or someone I care about (or anyone else) involved something where they put their information out there and it ends up being collected by a researcher somewhere, the researchers never even tell them they were involved in an experiment afterwards so they think they have made a purchase, never get their item(s), have no idea whats going on with their bank card, and probably end up getting into a dispute with the store, neither knowing it has been taken over by researchers doing a study. It is wrong in many ways, unethical, illegal, not good for anyone. 	It does not state if the participants in this study will know they are participating or not. It would be unethical to mess with someones Facebook posts left by friends. By taking off some posts, you are denying the user of getting all the information left by family/friends on Facebook, some of which may be important to them. Additionally, I would not want someone having that sort of access to my Facebook account, and I don't know anyone else who would be comfortable with that either. Finally, I feel Facebook is untrustworthy to begin with and I would not trust any studies coming directly from the company itself.	The experiment sounds harmless enough, as long as no information (passwords, participants personal info) is stored for any length of time. 	The experiment takes way too much personal information and invades on the privacy of the participant in more ways than one. The experiment would also be taking their real passwords, which means everyone in the study would need to change their password. I have a feeling everyone involved, once they found out the truth behind the study, would be really angry. 	It is not stated which ways are planned to reveal a security warning, and doing so in certain ways may actually cause the participant enough fear that they exit the experiment with out completing it, thinking there is a real issue, and go through a lot of time trying to work on their computer figuring it out and never know it was part of the experiment. 
A2URD5NU9P7TF2	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68BFWY1	WithoutPublication	1886	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	They might infect other people's computers.	Personal private information shouldn't be touched by Facebook.	Make absolute certainty that no personal information is leaked. That's the whole point, isn't it?	No personal information should be leaked. Everyone should be anonymous.	Doesn't seem to cause any harm.	Don't want their computer to become infected too.	I feel like this study has already been done but the participants didn't know they were in the study. 	It's their choice to participate.	It's their choice, just be careful.	Better to inform them about security reisk.
A2URTGY72HXIGG	33TIN5LC04BLLCI74R692MBVAAK9YE	Control	432	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes			Because they would gain passwords that could be used for malicious things. 	because of the answer I gave above		I think this would be fine as it does not appear they would be collecting any personal data. 	I think this is fine as long as they are not trying to access peoples accounts. 	Because, even if it is an experiment it sounds like there is too much possibility that they could gain sensitive information. 	I would be concerned that the wrong people would get my password	As long as no personal info is collected I think it is fine
A2UVEVCYVC553J	39JEC7537U26FGU5B0TGXD89YGICVQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	344	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2UX7ZJEGGU5	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHG4PMZD	Twitter	4358	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	I think it is a good way to see what kind of things people notice when something is spam.	It doesn't seem overly intrusive.	There needs to be some way to ensure that the experimenters won't be able to use the passwords if they are actually revealed.	If it was modified, it would be more acceptable.	Since there won't be any actual security risks, this seems like an acceptable experiment.	I think that if there will be no personal information collected, this would be ok. 	This seems like a good experiment and I would think it would garner useful information.	This would be a good learning experience that would teach the person how to keep themselves from being scammed into sharing personal information.	This one seems too intrusive.	It would help the researchers and give the person I cared about a new experience that could help them in real life.
A2UXP9E1W2QW8O	3IJXV6UZ1XK5ZCZOUQKS7JH1QD3IRF	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	885	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Understanding the dynamics behind malware-driven spam helps us squash it. The more data researchers have on this ecosystem, the better we can all stay on top of it.	I think this might be doable if you disclosed it and got opt-ins, but then randomized the timing of when it would happen (with a minimum offset of, say, a week, to help people forget). The problem is that even more positive posts than usual can have weird, unforseen impacts on people with depressive disorder, bipolar, etc.	Absolutely - as a fellow security researcher, I realize the importance of putting users in as natural a setting as possible when conducting this sort of research.	Password security is very important on the Internet, and raising user awareness through studies like this is a good thing.	Users' ability to ignore security warnings is legendary. Improving them will have a direct impact on the malware ecosystem at large, in a very positive way.	It's just spam. Nobody I know would click the link. ;-)	I heard about this study, and it was negative and positive at the same time. That's emotionally manipulative at a level that I feel is dangerous to allow.	As long as the data is anonymous, it's just another research project, so it's not like it matters one way or the other.	Again, no harm, no foul, so it's no big deal if they're part of the study. Though it might be interesting if I heard how they behaved specifically. ;-)	Since they're not actually being exposed to danger, no harm, no foul.
A2UZGRS7PCE7KQ	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1AGO7P	InsertPosts	204	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	no										
A2V0ZZZ1SMRKKW	3LUY3GC63Z1NYF2DY7C6BZRDBMC7P3	InsertPosts	621	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes			As long as the passwords are not collected					It's nothing dangerous, and the passwords will not be stored.		The participants are not exposed to any risks
A2V182G7KZE3K8	3GFK2QRXX9IYVKLVM0B459LDDG65W9	WithoutImprovingProduct	851	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	Experiments should always require consent.	No, the information gained from this can be gained from other experiments without mentally harming anyone.	This is borderline criminal if not completely criminal. That person is totally providing his/her password.	Absolutely not.	I think they can conduct it, but only if they truly reveal their original intention afterwards.	I just think it is wrong and I don't want to send the wrong message to that person.	I would not let my friends be under this kind of emotional manipulation.	Entrapment is downright wrong.	Again, I am more than convinced it is illegal to share the password databank with anyone. The risk is too high for passwords to leak.	I'm opposed to inviting unsuspected candidates, especially if they mean something to me.
A2V6J4S965BILM	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0TIXSC	WithoutPublication	279	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	no									I would like a close friend to learn to recognize these kind of attacks.	
A2VAPHQEWLYL5T	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5L9UEZ	NoAdvertising	262	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2VEFT3FTFH566	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKF7H9P	WithoutPublication	366	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2VFJZIHLCVVFP	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG0955BJQTB	WithoutPublication	8747	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A2VGEE0ZIZ8CBQ	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4FZ68WZ	WithoutPublication	265	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent						it seems harmless to the participants				
A2VGSQZCOW6SN4	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JNQDEO	WithoutPublication	474	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes				It doesn't seem safe.		It is still being controlled by 3rd party		I don't trust this experiment	I wouldn't want their password information revealed	
A2VHULWCJJNBAL	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC58HSG	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	501	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	If someone gets suckered into actually buying something they saw in a random email? Well, there's no helping the stupid.	Protect people? I call BS. It's a further way to manipulate users and generate marketing/advertising revenues.	Suckers are suckers.				Facebook, Google, Yahoo... all go too far already			
A2VIJLBSZATX3W	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KM3SES	UnnamedCompany	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				It should be ok as long as they are very careful with the password data they get.						
A2VJ68TCRS0GXL	3QHK8ZVMIMJK96Q5JWVFZK4PPZUBLH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	315	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										It wouldn't matter to me.
A2VJXNGZR5W1SI	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV379IHS	WithoutImprovingProduct	586	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I take informed consent seriously.								
A2VL4NTRZCSXK	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVX392F	Control	255	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no										
A2VNKT8UNKWQAM	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7G9RKG8	NoAdvertising	925	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Just not sure how I feel about it. If I wouldn't want someone I care about doing it then why would I want someone else too. 	They shouldn't be able to exclude what someone is posting. 	Yes they should be allowed to perform this study. However, they have to tread with care. They have to make sure that all the researchers have gone through extensive background checking and other forms to make sure they are not a risk to steal information that is easily accessible to them. 	Whenever it comes to peoples passwords you have to have to be careful. 	Yes because the people know they are there for some for of a experiment just not the one they think they are going to be doing and there are no damaging results to the person or outcome for doing it. 	Things are getting more chancy by letting spammers into the process. 		Because this can help with many of the problems people face with their information being stolen. 	It's not going to hurt them and there can be a positive outcome form it. 	It's not going to hurt the person to participate in the experiment so why not do it and help others out. 
A2VR26FH6ZRMWF	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YE4DCS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	368	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	no		I don't like when they experiment on anyone without permission.		There's a lot of secrecy going on and using questionable personal info.						
A2VRJBQJ3YAE33	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWS0ZVLE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	Not enough participant consent, ethical issues arise	It would muddle the exchange of information, which may be important for many people to function	The ethics are VERY questionable	Make sure they're school authorized and that it wouldn't cause any students to freak out.	Make sure the security warning wont make users freak out, exit from the survey, and be unaware of not being at risk					
A2VSS175DP9WM9	3BC8WZX3V3XISB27KDE1LBISDI2RRQ	Control	619	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes						I think this would be a valuable study.				
A2VVS4LIGTM7V6	36WLNQG78ZB630GD2A8BMPE5G5YEB8	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	259	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes										
A2VVSVZ9ADQLWK	3IKZ72A5B4H0AN560BXQV2ZZ9OZNFI	InsertPosts	369	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes		If the deception is later explained to the participants then it's ok. 			Yes if the deception is later explained to the participants. 		There is no harm in the study.			There is no harm in the study
A2VVZOE95CC3JX	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMR9ZAN	Control	681	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	If you're doing research on something you should be included to collect data 					Based upon what the warning says, they have free will to participate or not				
A2VZWNTU8EXCPK	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QAGOYLB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	722	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		As described no for the reasons described above.  If there was a way to limit the timeframe to a couple of hours to conduct their research it would be more acceptable but I'm not sure of a reliable way to do that.	Researchers must take care to make sure that the personal information and passwords are securely protected and there are no security breaches.	Again, care needs to be taken to insure that the personal information and passwords are held secure and are not compromised.	Given the explanation I am not sure how else their research could be reliably completed.		A lot of people use Facebook to share news, some good, some bad.  If any portion of the bad news were excluded from a news feed they could miss an important update from a family member or friend.	I can see where this would have value to my family or friends, especially if they received notice that some of their online activities compromised their security.	This could be useful if it helps students identify how they could be a victim of phishing and how they could protect themselves.	I don't think that the experiment would put my loved one in any danger.  I fully understand and appreciate the need for the deception under these circumstances.  No harm will be done.
A2W3A42TRMJ861	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RY66TFA	NoAdvertising	1468	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	They might think the information is valuable, but there is no way to do this without endangering people's safety.	They would have control over Facebook's servers and accounts on those servers? That's an invasion of privacy.	Invasion of privacy.	It's fraudulent to do something like that.	I think that the panic involved from this experiment would exceed the benefits.					
A2W451UN6JYFVE	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8TUTUI	Control	812	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	Third parties should not be allowed to control computers without the owner's consent.	Experiments like this one, when participants are intentionally manipulated without their consent, could cause a person to lose confidence in FB participation.	I think the information would be valuable, but again, people would have access to information.	I think this type of experiment is still not completely ethical.	They will learn about behaviors and not harm anyone.	I would not want the computer of someone I care about to be infected with spam, even if it is being controlled by someone else.	I don't think Facebook is the proper place for such an experiment.  If I were to participate, I would always wonder if what I was seeing was truly what was happening, or if I was being manipulated.	This will still give people access to other's sensitive information.	Even though I don't agree with computers being accessed by third parties, an experiment like this could help protect people from these scams.	Their participation would help the researcher and would not expose the person to any risks.
A2W4W6XY1ZMBUC	34Q075JO1XE6ZCJRS6G7VOZS0Q010P	UnnamedCompany	517	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes				Try to send it from a university professor as to protect the students fb.					I don't like the idea of having personal information used against someone.	
A2W5Y4IOR9ICM2	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0Z1LZI2	NoAdvertising	479	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A2W6PZ7B6KNEIJ	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMSXV2Y	Twitter	745	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Anything to combat adware spam, especially that which is malicious, is OK by me.	As stated before, it seems unethical.	Security from this type of thing is so basic and rudimentary, any way to expand upon is good in my opinion.	Anything to derail malicious forms of hacking is good by me.	Some people may react badly depending on how grave the security risk appears.	I hate this sort of thing as well.	This is very manipulative and playing with peoples emotions without them being aware seems unethical.	These types of tricks are usually very easy to spot and this type of activity is something I particularly despise.	I really dislike fishing attacks, as much as other malicious hacking.	No risk so I believe the experience will be beneficial in the end.
A2W7Z10Z5YLLF4	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6AX5VY	WithoutPublication	842	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent	I think this is a useful experiment.  Spam is a big problem on the internet and understanding it better could be useful.	The moods of users are really none of the business of the researchers.  This is an intrusive experiment.	This seems like a useful experiment but I'm not sure if it would violate privacy of the participants.	This is wrong and should not be done.	I think the results of this experiment could be useful.	It would be up to that person whether or not to participate.  Participation would not hurt that person, so the decision would be theirs alone.	Randomly excluding a part of a friend's post would be wrong and I would not want someone I cared about to participate in such an experiment.	Since the researchers would let participants know that they had been part of the experiment, this could be used as a learning experience for the participant.	It is wrong to impersonate someone's friend or acquaintance in order to conduct an experiment.	Participation would not harm anyone and it would be up to the person whether or not to participate.
A2W814QU0JKDP1	3SLE99ER0NE4EV79YXMO7ZFN4COBZU	Twitter	353	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2WAJDGIOXI68L	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1PRJGI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	749	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Because people might get mad because they might have really wanted to purchase something from the store and cannot. 		because people should know how they might have given away their info and will be more cautious next time		I think it would be good to know how people react to different security warnings. To see if they will take them seriously or not. 					
A2WBPKT4KUTSH1	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZIBI4FQ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	212	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2WC2NO555XU3J	3QJOXOW4XJS2MRKATZYK05PZSZ6EMR	Twitter	364	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A2WCDQDLMC6J72	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ7M6Z5	Twitter	276	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A2WF8GWD5PXIYA	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54KXR06	InsertPosts	391	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	may lose control of computer		They might give ideas to hackers	They are looking at people's passwords and Facebook pages and impersonating friends.... there are some ethical issues here... may need to get permission from friends				It is an important study to learn how to protect people better	If they are too trusting with emails, they will learn to be more conscious	
A2WFN0Q7O4OMFA	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFGL35W	Control	686	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	They need to make sure that the information is not actually stored anywhere and that it is safe. 	I think they need to moniter what is going on and if someone is turning extremely negative which is different from their previous state then they should be excluded and their posts not altered. 	They should be cautious that there is not a flaw in which the information is actually stored. 	I think they should do a survey of a test group and if the group agrees that they would participate in such a study then they can perform the study on the university.	It appears safe and beneficial. 	I am on the fence about whether I would feel comfortable with someone I know participating in this survey because even though they do not collect the info there is a possibility for it to happen. 	I think that it is an interesting experiment and there is not significant harm from doing the study. 	I think this would be okay because the information is not being stored so it is less likely to be used against someone in real life. 	This makes me nervous about getting a virus and people misusing the information gained. 	This seems like a safe survey and I would be interested in the results. 
A2WHA7XE143S4T	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKBMDS6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1025	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		They should make people aware that facebook will alter/influence posts.		They should make people aware that they are sending emails as student's friends.			Facebook is attempting to influence the reaction to posts as oppose to post happening organically.  	Researchers are making people aware of the study and helping to prevent further attacks.	Students are made aware of the study and it will help prevent further attacks.	
A2WHVVLZWWN7PL	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1A77OZ	UnnamedCompany	4004	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no		This is completely crappy.  Besides manipulating vulnerable people, what if the researcher causes the people to miss out on important information?	Not even for a good cause should researchers collect their passwords.	If the school would allow that, I wouldn't trust the school.  And I don't trust the researchers.  That is invasive.	If I got a security warning, I probably wouldn't make it to the end of the test, and then after restarting my computer I would waste a lot of time trying to search for whether I was infected with something.	I'm already starting to be lulled by these ideas.  I might have had a preference at the beginning of the study.  But right now this one doesn't seem alarming.	Why is any explanation needed for why I would object to my friends not seeing what their friends have to say?  	It would be stressful for them.	That would be a stressful for them.	What if the participant shut down their computer in the middle of the exercise and never learned the warning was a set-up?
A2WHVX0RYCC1KI	35H6S234SA10156PVIY07FM0P9W65I	Control	4709	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Even though it would be useful to know how successful spam emails were, this study to me seems like a breach of privacy. 					I feel like they were being lied to and they wouldn't know that their information was being used, so therefore they couldn't give consent. 		Since the researchers disclose what is going on during the study, then it would be okay. 	Since they disclose the study it would be fine. 	
A2WII1K45GUS4D	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ8VHR8	UnnamedCompany	642	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	Could be kind of controversial if people found out	Data could be very useful to social network sites.	I'm just not sure how i feel about this one.		Seems like a harmless study to improve computer interfacing.	Fine as long as no purchases were made.	As long as users are kept anonymous its ok.	not sure about the stealing passwords thing.		seems pretty harmless
A2WKOZL3D2S2UJ	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZH1SKPS	NoAdvertising	591	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no										
A2WLGVXAVT2XTR	336KAV9KYQTALSX8JIRUSZ3H44J2YO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	11809	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	Spamming is illegal.	Because it is affecting someone else without their permission.	Because it can help develop more secure methods or educate the public.	Phishing is illegal.  How would I know if a someone is really not trying to steal information through a survey he sets up?	If there is some type of indication about the nature of the experiment beforehand.	It is illegal.	Because it includes posting of someone else not included in the research.	Because they can use made up passwords.	Phishing is illegal.	Because it could cause the participant to close the experiment without finishing if he feels threatened.
A2WOCPIKYK5V3G	3L4D84MILZTO5T5RG3TY5GUVGVXHJK	Twitter	389	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent									It wouldnt hurt them	
A2WVJ26M00ITQQ	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED6665EM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	345	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	Spam is bad so this is important.	It doesn't hurt anyone and is just looking for info.	Nothing is safe on the internet.	Yes, it needs to be done. Just not by me.	This doesn't hurt anyone. It only helps.	Doesn't seem like personal info is being shared. I'd be ok with it.	No personal info is being shared and this is a interesting topic.	I wouldn't trust that the password would be safe.	I wouldn't like the fact that they are being deceived and password is out there.	No personal info is being shared.
A2X00L77LYHXM3	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ3OZ6S	InsertPosts	489	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	This experiment has potential to make a lot of people feel angry and unsafe with their information but it could also prove very useful	This research causes no harm and is an interesting experiment	It could be useful as an end result but overall it is an experiment that would violate those involved	They could wind up using the information they obtain in a bad way and it could make students distrust the university	There is no harm in this experiment and I don't see any reason to be bothered by it	This experiment seems like it could make the users who receive the experimental email feel very annoyed or unsafe	I think it would be interesting and it isnt harmful in any way	I think that person would worry and feel a little violated even if the hacking was fake	It won't really do them any harm and will educate them about phishing, so I wouldn't have much concern either way	The research doesn't seem that useful to me but it isn't harmful so I wouldn't care either way
A2X0GSC6NQLW4N	3R2PKQ87NW9E2WMWPIOBLKNRKSWMIR	WithoutPublication	839	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes		I don't think people will appreciated if their friend post, either negative or positive, if being experiment with.								Its an experiment with no risk, it couldn't hurt.
A2X1ACBS5G6AQW	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCU8PRE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1596	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	Research is very important		Research is important, as long as it is safe	I think it should be done in a controlled environment	Research is important as long as there is no real threat of any kind	I wouldn't mind if they adequately compensated for their efforts 	It doesn't matter to me as long as it is safe	I think it would be a good experience as long as there is no real threat	The risk is too unpredictable	I think it would be a good experience, as long as there are no real threats
A2X27TXN39UJH8	37M28K1J0QE9V6XDAXJ6OU7R3O2AJ9	Control	503	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A2X404AYNN1QDE	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMTOAZH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	744	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	This wouldn't be an important enough experiment to validate the "trickery" involved with getting someone's financial information	There is no risk for anyone involved	People may be upset after being told what has happened	They must be able to tread the line where the participant does not feel his privacy was violated.	There seems to be no personal risk for the subjects	I would not want my friend giving payment information and being tricked by this experiment	This does not seem to have too bad of an influence on the subject	I would not want to have my friend feel tricked by this experiment	I would not want one of my friends to feel tricked by this experiment although the research is vital.	You are giving the user the choice to say yes or no to the security warning and there is no risk for danger.
A2X58ODG12MVEA	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1F2O7L	WithoutPublication	451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes								I doesn't seem like the experiment is too harmful.		
A2X81BPNQWSHR0	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHGDUZMD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	576	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	We all get enough spam as it is.  Everyone hates it, and that is already known.  	Facebook invades enough privacy on its own.  No further experiments are needed.  	Yes, as long as they provide a full disclosure to participants.  			No, not with the risk of their computer becoming infected due to the dissemination of spam.  	No, social media is intrusive enough on its own.  	Yes, as long as there was a full disclosure pertaining to why there was deception to begin with.  		
A2X81M4WAKT9AW	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGE1766	WithoutPublication	324	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	This seems unethical.			They are accessing sensitive information and the participants have no way to give informed consent.						
A2X8QNQB6Q0HOV	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0ET1805	Control	922	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	While it is deceptive, it's actually reducing overall harm to potential victims.	It is unethical.			If there is potential to produce more effective risk-avoidance warnings then the net gain is positive	While the candidate is indeed being decieved, no harm is coming of it (and they are also being saved from entering personal information to a potentially dangerous spam website)	In my mind, this is an unethical study that can cause all kinds of effects to unsuspecting people. (What if someone was teetering on the edge of suicide and an increase of negative posts came their way that pushed them over the edge?)	No harm done, doesn't matter to me		It doesn't matter to me whether or not they're involved because no harm is done (and the deception is revealed after the fact)
A2X90OIE63NR6O	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1MSJE2Q	WithoutPublication	1036	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	No one likes spam and I can't even believe anyone purchases anything from a spam email.  Any study that could help reduce spam is fine with me.	They can find a way to do their experiment without imposing on people this way.	This is a necessary evil.  Almost every person you meet has had a problem with someone obtaining access to their password and in many instances, their bank account.	This will protect us in the future and is the type of experiment that needs to be done without a person's knowledge to be successful.	This will provide valuable information that couldn't be gathered if people were aware they were part of this study.	I see no harm in this type of study and it could reduce the amount of spam we receive.	It's not ethical to manipulate their facebook feed without their knowledge.	This study can't be done if people are aware it's being done.  Since id theft and stealing passwords has become such a huge problem, I believe this is warranted.	Again, this is for our own good.  Too many scams are happening online and research needs to be conducted to find out how to stop it.	I feel like this type of experiment is necessary and the results will benefit us.
A2XDGPRR3677PK	35K3O9HUABEWGHST7CU75F5QVWAEFW	Twitter	575	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							No because I don't think it's ethical to sway someone's emotions without them knowing about it.		As long as they are given advice to change their password, I think it would be educational for them	
A2XFJC0VE4U399	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHR3UF6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1072	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	SPAM is a black-hat practice, which (in my opinion) should open the perpetrators to any black, grey, or white-hat methods used to combat it.	As long as it was ordered by management, and not some rogue employee, FB should be able to collect and manipulate anything they'd like. If users don't like it, they'd quit frequenting the site....which gives it the power to do such things.	It is not a HIT that should be posted, due to the collection of peronally identifiable information.		It's completely fair, and seems impartially set up	If they're goofy enough to click a link in a spam email, I'd want this experiment to save the person I care about from falling victim to their own ignorance.	Facebook has the right to make social experiments across it's own platform. This is how companies move forward in an ever-evolving online realm.	Using Mturk to infect, or collect personally identifiable information (whether it's retained, or not)is against the community rules. Also, by paying people to perform a series of tasks, skews the results, due to people "simply following directions" instead of following their normal rules of personal conduct.		This is a great way to "A-B test" this.
A2XFO0X6RCS98M	3X3OR7WPZZ1178SYGKB58IEOHP58L3	WithoutPublication	1315	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A2XGEGVEXJQU6Z	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1JG7OQ	WithoutPublication	1358	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I'd hope that they'd find negative results about the effectiveness of spam and hopefully companies would stop spamming as much.	Sounds like a good experiment, but I'd be cautious of people believing researchers are unethically spying on their facebook/personal lives.	I'm all for safeguarding users.		To provide better security warnings to keep people safe I believe this is a valuable experiment.	Personally I don't think anyone should respond to spam, but if they are going to do it anyway then the experiment is fine.	Sure sounds like a fun social experiment.	It would provide good insight into internet safety that the participant was obviously lacking.	Yes because they need to be more informed about phishing and experience first hand how vulnerable they can be.	There is no real harm in the experiment.
A2XI31ZKES5JYC	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IM5XK6Z	NoAdvertising	300	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2XIDKSPDMA6D0	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3OW0NH	UnnamedCompany	2007	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	The experiment seems harmless and has a positive outcome.	It feels like the researchers are trying to change the moods of people to what they want, which seems wrong in my opinion. Peoples mood should be based on what happens in life, good or bad, not a modified news feed. 	Seems like a good experiment.	The researchers have to use a bit too much personal info for it too work.	I don't think the experiment would be that deceptive or harming and be beneficial in the end. 	It depends on what candidate means. If its that the computer is already infected by the spam then yes. But if it meant infect the computer to become a candidate then no.	Altering the mood someone emotes in a news feed is a bit too much.	Not much harm, benefit in the end.	Faking a friend email is to personal	there may be temporary discomfort but a benefit in the end.
A2XIP7NHMOIR09	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYEWYBU	WithoutImprovingProduct	997	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	As with the passwords, always use caution with spam.	I don't believe there would be any harm in that. 	Anything involving passwords should always be used with caution. 	I think if it was the school's website, it would be safer	Same as above, and its probably easier to make a fake security warning than a fake spam or password stealing account.		It would be interesting to see if an outside influence would actually have an impact. 	As long as no passwords aren't actually stolen, I think it would be a good way to see how hackers work.		The behavior would be interesting to see.
A2XJX1A03MJZ90	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR2ZXJN6	InsertPosts	686	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				actually verifying passwords is risky, there would need to be significant oversight and controls 				as long as no password or personal data is stored	Most people are willing to share more with their friends so I believe the research would show this and hopefully help to stop it. 	
A2XOACDMUAM7X3	32Z9ZLUT1LL264WOWGL3DCBHFGYOHJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This experiment seems to involve people's intimate personal lives too much. 	The experiment doesn't seem to violate anything moral, nor does it simulate anything dangerous as the a couple of the previous ones did. 	It seems like it will help both users and researchers. 	Passwords are private. The study sounds like it would be helpful, but now students might not feel secure. 	The people will remain anonymous and there was never a real threat. 	This sounds a bit like invasion of privacy but the anonymity makes me not care that much. 	No threats to security and anonymity. 	There's no real threat, and it is anonymous. 	Anonymity is important, and the lack of a real threat. 	This doesn't sound dangerous in anyway so it wouldn't matter to me. 
A2XOE2QT8DFVU	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PIKD0Y	UnnamedCompany	812	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	Other options exist to measure the click through rate of the emails rather than allowing an actual spammer access	Sounds just like the recent Facebook scandal - people don't want their information used like this without consent.  It's a like a form of mental/digital rape.	Potential to provide security enhancements is sufficient payment to the participants	Again, the potential to gain information under false pretenses that goes beyond the experiment is high	As stated above, they shouldn't get the information for free - if it has a value to the researcher, pull out the checkbook	Not informing the subjects is wrong	Not informing the participants is wrong	Seems like a harmless experiment	It just seems deceptive and asking for passwords that could be used on other sites is ripe for abuse	It sounds simple enough and the reason for the deception are harmless enough.  Participants should be paid - everyone else is scrambling to get paid for their intellectual property, why should researchers be able to use anyone's for free?
A2XQ2020BP91VV	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJH0K15N	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	732	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A2XRVVY83KL75M	3SKEMFQBZ36QN2AGVKZ4TI19SR08K4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	960	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	with approval of the people involved	Facebook is supposed to be a social networking site not a social enginering site	just do not think this is good, it could get out of control	here again it is a study through a school and can have benifits for students	it could have some bennifits	it would be up to that person, no one else	It could make them more negative and or depressed	just adding fuel to the fire	If done through the school I do not have a problem	it would be up to that person
A2XSOOBL4HGQJQ	30LB5CDZNCB3U84Z0HPZNIJ4D030ZT	Control	1583	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	One reason I'm not sure they should perform the experiment, is how valid the results would be. When I was reading the description of the experiment, I had doubts about it working and felt like it wasn't the "right" way to go about measuring the effectiveness of spam. 	I don't think they should manipulate the newsfeed. It is wrong in my opinion. The subjects are never made aware of the experiment and the content of their postings are being monitored by someone outside of their contacts. It is just wrong. 	I don't know whether or not this is an ethical way to study how often people give up their password information. It seems like there is a chance something could go wrong and someone's password could be compromised. 	I feel like the participants privacy is being violated in a way. I think it is wrong to stalk them on Facebook to determine who their friends are. The whole feel of the study is creepy. 	There doesn't seem like there is much actual risk involved in the experiment. The misdirection is explained to the participants and their personal information isn't being compromised, so I don't have any objections to the conduction of the experiment. 	I don't think it is ethical. It feels like they are lying to the people involved and in a sense spying on them. What they are doing isn't much better than the spammers they are studying. 	I think it is wrong to manipulate the Facebook newsfeed and to record the type of posts a person creates. It feels like an invasion of privacy, though I do know Facebook isn't really all that private and they ask for permission to use your data when you sign up. I still don't like the way this experiment is set up. 	Even though the researchers aren't storing the passwords, it still feels like the HIT could go wrong somehow and the participants information could be compromised. Passwords are something very personal and I don't think it is right to try to trick people into revealing them in this manner. 	This experiment feels like a large invasion of privacy. I don't like the idea of the researchers "creeping" the participants Facebook pages for information, then pretending to be a friend and sending out a fake email. It doesn't sound very ethical. I can't believe the university would agree to this. 	While I think it is a valid way to test how people behave when facing a security risk, I don't have strong feelings in either direction whether or not I'd want someone I cared about participating. I don't think there is much actual risk involved in the HIT and they are made aware of the misdirection in a timely manner. 
A2XTG4KXM702JO	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KLBILM	InsertPosts	1019	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes		This is unethical.					What people read and see can affect their mood.  It is difficult to say how this mood change will effect the person overall.  This is very unethical especially if the users are not aware this may be done.  If they are notified it is still questionable but users should have been given a way of opting out if they didn't want to be experimented on.	The study would really be of no harm to them but might shock them and make them more aware of the need to protect certain information online.	This one invades privacy to get information for one group.  Actually checking to see if you got valid passwords is not necessary.	
A2XUADP5L61HQ5	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4EN4THX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	355	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A2XWOREDWK3MMW	3X65QVEQI0O3JBIBXWRAA4A77MJCLI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	354	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent								Seems slightly nefarious.		
A2XY66NBJOL37I	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCGNSIG	InsertPosts	205	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	no	indifferent										
A2Y271VC6GDCJL	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49ANORFE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	591	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A2Y3YA9RPGWO5C	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155P0G3S	InsertPosts	884	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I think they should be very careful with an experiment like this.	I think that after the experiment the people who were used should be told about it.	They need to make sure that the information they collect isn't leaked somehow.	I think they should do it and see what happens.	I think it would be interesting to see the results, so I think they should do it.	As long as no one ends up with their information compromised.	It doesn't matter to me.	As long as their information isn't compromised.	It doesn't matter to me, but would be interesting to see how some would do ing this study. 	I don't see how it would hurt them, so sure.
A2Y7SB7MPA07AD	3U5NZHP4LR3KR48PBGYI2CG7PJ6PH9	WithoutPublication	785	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Maybe if the researcher offered some kind of compensation for the subjects lost time and effort.	To me it is just plain not ethical to do this.		In the end it is harmless, and it also does the user a service in a way.		Most people I know want to actually make a purchase when they choose to, even if spam sent them their. So I would say the hassle for the subject is to much.	I would not want their posts censored for any reason.	Again, anything that helps a subject learn to be more secure is ok with me (as long its harmless in the long run)	I think its a great way to be exposed to this type of attack without being harmed.	Its a small hassle, but its also harmless, so I could go either way.
A2YA9Y771QJ54Z	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RYIBFTP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	911	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	I think stopping spam would be a great thing.	I do think this study could be valuable if they were able to produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users. 	I don't really approve of a research study using deception, but I can't really think of another way to conduct the study.	I would think they can find ways to help users better learn to recognize attacks of phishing without conducting this study.					I don't like that the students do not know they are part of a study, until after the emails have been sent.	Studying security decision making is not easy. With that said, I would not appreciate being deceived about what type of research study I am in. 
A2YAB9OITN0ZTU	3634BBTX0OV8WMUF3VKYQU3INUSFIR	Control	435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			It is information that can stop a crime and it will help stop peoples lives from being ruined. 					I would want them to know how people steal the information so that they can look out for it, and it wont happen to them. 		
A2YBZFSUD5OP7W	32M8BPYGATNEAMQAEFQG8F3UO7GIGD	WithoutImprovingProduct	757	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A2YDG4ONNO32WG	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F5XT2QG	WithoutPublication	492	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A2YI2GD7DLFD05	3KMS4QQVK2RZ2HK33Y5A3AIVFTJKFZ	WithoutImprovingProduct	311	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes										
A2YK27PT866YXE	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0W9XS9	NoAdvertising	1145	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	They should be able to proceed as they are taking all steps to ensure the participants privacy and security. They should be cautious to make sure that no information about the participants is leaked, as they are unaware they are participating.	I see no risk to the participants in performing this study.	The researchers tell the participants about the deception, making this okay.	Students are not made aware that the researchers have their passwords. The researchers should not be able to compare passwords until after the student gives permission and then they should have the ability to change the password.	They reveal the deceit at the end of the study, making the deceit okay.	The payment information is not being collected or any other personal information that would put the person at risk for identity theft. The person would also remain anonymous.	I see no risk to the participants in performing this study.	No information about the participants is being stored, so they are safe.	The researchers have access to the student's passwords without the student's consent.	There is no risk to the participant.
A2YKA9WT1WTCUW	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKL9SV9	Control	726	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Help the cause but don't add to the problems.	I'm sure there are risks out there with the MAJOR time waster called facebook.	I believe it will educate the common public similar to this one ==> http://www.sophos.com/en-us/support/knowledgebase/37179.aspx 	Sure	Again, education is key to practicing safe surfing while online.	SPAM SUCKS and any help is welcomed to block it.	I don't use facebook so I don't or wouldn't hear anything about facebook.  I'm anti-social.  The ONLY reason I'm on the WWW now is to use Mturk.  :-)	I believe in FREE WILL and everyone has a choice to make when participating.	People need to learn about what threats exist out on the interwebs	Again, security exploits need to be taught and the typical user needs to know the risks with using interwebs
A2YL64PU2DBHTB	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW67NKTD	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	723	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	I don't trust the researchers to control the spammer software, so I wouldn't feel comfortable enough to participate myself, but I support research still.	Though it is a fascinating experiment, I think it's wrong to block certain content from friends.	Though it does seem immoral in a way, researchers aren't typically immoral people.			I don't trust the "control" of this one enough to let them participate.	There's nothing wrong with spreading a little positivity.	It's their decision to make and while I do enjoy advancing research it would not make much difference to me whether or not a friend participated.	In this case, I'm curious as to whether or not friends would fall for this one or bother lending a hand, so I would be interested to see them in this one.	
A2YM3B361NS5C9	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEHW4I0Z	NoAdvertising	628	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	This seems dangerous.	They should really address how they could do this without invading someone's privacy.	It seems like a good idea.  Deceiving people is a necessary part of the experiment.	If the experiment were allowed, I believe that all students should be encouraged and reminded to change their password after the results were collected.		I would be concerned for their security.	I'm concerned about the security of my loved one's Facebook feed and private messages.	No harm done, and it might help people with security.	It would be really hard to trust every person involved in the experiment.  Some people might have access to sensitive information and password.	I don't see how they would be harmed, except for perhaps their pride when they found out they were part of an experiment.
A2YMMP5T0V0DVA	3X0H8UUIT1PZ1MJ6YWOCYKV5R34SWU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	This could easily be seen as even more people trying to take more money from people who don't know better.	While it's a nice thought, it's also intrusive and somewhat shady.	This is a wonderful study, and if it were real, I would endorse it as much as I could.	It seems really risky and deceitful, which I understand it's inherent to the study, but it still seems sketchy.	Security is a huge deal, and anything that we can do to improve security, especially while not taking away liberties, is an amazing thing and should be done.	I don't want my loved ones to be hurt while trying to figure out how much spammers make from spam emails.	It seems like a nice thing to do, though a little intrusive.	There will be no malice behind this, and nothing ill will come from it to my loved ones, and they will learn to be more cautious when dealing with passwords and such.		I want people I know and care about to be safer, and if this could help then I would be completely for them being a part of it.
A2YT52NEFISHA3	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WL40C49	NoAdvertising	776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	no		Facebook users are so paranoid nowadays about people spying on their accounts that  think this experiment would do more harm than good.								This might cause health problems for my loved ones such as a heart attack or unnecessary anxiety or worry.
A2YTO4EY3MNYAJ	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EH5X7KF	Twitter	816	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If by chance someone finds out about the experiment they might bring legal charges against the researchers.	They just want to see the positive vs negative effect.	After explaining the study to the participants, some participants may form trust issues.	Some of the students may form some kind of trust issues over this.	If they are found out they might be sued.	If the researchers are not collecting personal data then the participant has nothing to worry about.	They are not collecting any personal information so this is ok.	If they do not use the information then it should be fine	If they do not use the personal information then it should be ok.	Same as before if the researchers are not collecting data then no harm done.
A2YVHNWRXYILJK	37TD41K0AHAQNOD1H5OBMQO2ZJJCSU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1945	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		I have my doubts as to the effectiveness of the methods, and the usefulness of the data that would be collected.	Potentially sensitive date (such as passwords) needs to be handled with care. An experiment can claim to not store passwords, while storing passwords.	This feels like something that opens up way too much latitude to researchers. Digging around in people's private lives without their consent in order to mess with them in ways they don't anticipate, in the name of "science," is too much a slippery slope.	I see no harm in it.		The fact that they're "researchers at Facebook" implies a conflict of interest.	I don't believe this specific method of study is needed, but I don't find it harmful if done appropriately.	Bringing in personal information about the participant feels over the line. If it was "someone I cared about," *I* could even be used to try to trick them.	I see no harm in it, and I like learning things about the world (and therefore like others to, as well).
A2YXL5GQ3LZUY0	3DZQRBDBSLG2AOHIOCDATNK8TXL3SK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	371	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Spam has so much negative connotations, perhaps theres a better way to go about it	I'm not sure its ok to take that information without their permission, that is if I understand this experiment correctly	looks like only good could come of it	I don't see much downside	yes because there is no risk and it will be explained to the participants at the end	I wouldn't want to get anymore spam even if it was for a study	there really isn't any downside or benefit to participation, or at least it doesn't seem like it	once again they might learn to stop giving out their info, doesn't appear to be a risk 	since they won't be identified there really is no risk, and perhaps they might learn a bit about online security	it could show them not to ignore the safety/security warnings
A2YYQJ3JWA2KGD	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFD66GM	WithoutPublication	2309	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	It sounds like a ridiculous experiment and no one should be forced to participate without consent.	As long as everyone is well informed and willing to participate then I do not care 	I have no preference.	No one should be forced to participate without consent.	It does not matter to me, as long as the person knows they are taking part in an experiment.	It sounds like a ridiculous experiment and no one should be forced to participate without consent.	I wouldn't care. It's not up to me, it's up to the person in the experiment.	As long as everyone involved is willing then I do not care	No one should be forced to participate without consent.	If the participant is willing to take part in an experiment then I do not care.
A2Z0I81HZYXPIL	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48P9U21	WithoutImprovingProduct	672	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A2Z11BHUBDVKMB	3X73LLYYQ1FKOJWCV1LQYNBCP3ZNH3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	6921	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes							This could be interesting			
A2Z1BE6Z0JSZPT	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CB0NAP	Twitter	577	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		You are doing something to someone without their consent that could potentially hurt them/their feelings.					It messes with their emotion. I do not believe in doing anything to anyone that could hurt them. Even if it was just making them sad.			
A2Z3C9WNTXS8S7	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZEK9W3	WithoutPublication	489	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I think this study could've been done by finding "naturally occurring" situations that replicated the enviornment that they wanted to create. You can not manipulate peoples emotions, especially when the premise of the study includes the knowledge that people's emotions are likely to be altered depending on what they are viewing					I wouldn't want people I care about to have their emotions manipulated. I know some people that are more sensitive than others about what they view on facebook. Plus, was this restricted to adults? Children under 18 or 17 have no business being part of a survey like this and how well can they prove that the survey subjects were of age. I think it's cruel			
A2Z40RL9IAC3YG	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXG8G9Z5	WithoutPublication	897	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	Just make sure all the rules are laid out clearly. 	Just be sure the rules are well written out. 	A lot of caution that is for sure!  Make sure all rules are written and decided on before the study is even started. 	Just make sure they people that are involved are well informed it goes no further. 	Just make sure they are clear about what is happening. 	i hate spam emails. They can spam away and catch them and stop them that would be great. 	That is a personal site I don't think they should do that. 	No way that is too real.  I would worry for my friend who had to be part of that. 	They don't need that kind of stress in their lives thinking their account has been hacked. 	It doesn't seem like it will cause them any harm. 
A2Z6MAFKHU4AJV	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK07X72J	WithoutPublication	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent						I would not want someone I knew to be a target for spam.				
A2Z6Y7MS2ZNTC5	3R3YRB5GRF4I9M87MWNKVWG2KE0AUP	Control	668	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes		Manipulating emotions is not something to do without caution	Research would be useful	Seems a little unethical to obtain passwords from uuniverstiy without students permission	There are no ethical or moral objections that come to mid	unethical to not inform participants	As long as consent is given I see no problem with participation	Nothing unethical or immoral	Exposing passwords can be dangerous	There are no risks to health or person and the research is valid
A2Z70GL7HTFFQR	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZBZQCGT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2348	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A2Z9PQMLGDF60M	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHLV1ZNU	Twitter	193	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A2ZC1ZP67M505A	3S96KQ6I9M517GWU61OCG126M22TDT	UnnamedCompany	634	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent									This sounds incredibly envasive, and prying in on someone's privacy.	
A2ZDK0Y5466BXN	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4NX2EOJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	3481	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	The researchers should inform the participants because they have a right to know that they are part of an experiment.	It is invading one's privacy and it is illegal if they don't inform the participants first.	All participants should change their passwords after the experiment.	Yes but there should be s foolproof way where the passwords won't leak out into the wrong hands.	Yes as long as there would be no risk to participants	Participants should be informed and have their consent to be included.	This is invasion of the participants privacy and participants should be informed first.	There is always the risk that the participants password could be stolen.	The password that would be obtained by the researchers from the students might leak out and used against the students.	No risk involved and experiment will be done through HITS.
A2ZDZND093J4BB	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58EON1P	NoAdvertising	691	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes			This experiment doesn't bother me as much, as long as the experiment is very clear about how to prevent these in the future to the participants.	Not too keen on this experiment at all.  Even with notifying the students and obtaining permission, that is /after/ confirming the password, and sure, in a perfect world the information won't be abused, but you can't guarantee that.	As long as there's no real risk, this doesn't bother me at all either.	A lot of my own close friends are more tech savvy and wouldn't click on a link in a spam email, but if it were perhaps a relative or something as long as the store is disabled and the research doesn't collect information it's better for them to click that link than a real spam link.	This experiment doesn't seem particularly harmful to me.	Sure, there's an opportunity for them to learn not to be tricked this way.	Regardless of the students being notified, it's a violation of privacy.	
A2ZE2IPHK152KA	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMZ4AZ9	Control	468	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent		This is a manipulation of users.	I feel that it is unfair to conduct an experiment with no benefit for society.	It oversteps their boundaries by performing an experiment on people who do not know that they are involved.		The researchers are not informing the users of their experiment.	I feel that someone who is depressed and unstable  might do harm to themselves if they got a too many negative facebook posts.	There is no benefit for the users as information that would help users prevent an attack will not be published.	I think its an invasion of their privacy and freedom of choice.	
A2ZEBVC6BO3Q62	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVWPBRN	Control	501	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I feel like this experiment could end poorly or backfire, way too dangerous.	Not only this a huge invasion of privacy from a company, these people wouldn't be consenting to being toyed with.	Yes, same as above.	No way. Passwords are way too important for anyone else to see.			People's emotional states can be very fragile, this doesn't seem right.	They aren't actually collecting the data, so I don't see any harm.	Many people use their passwords for multiple websites. No one else should know their passwords, not even researchers.	No harm is done, it could be educational.
A2ZFTWR1OWZ2TY	3CP1TO84PT2CJ4NO8GMXH25O99R254	InsertPosts	615	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I'm for anything that might result in less spam		Workers doing HITS assume all tasks they perform are secure and safe.  Your data might be skewed by this fact.	Complete invasion of privacy						
A2ZGK83VBPV7NQ	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JLYEDT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	499	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	They are helping the spammers by letting it go on for the purpose of a paper that is absured.					I would not want my loved one to be spammed	Facebook should not be playing with peoples emotions or well being			
A2ZJ35218D9PSA	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKQ6SVG	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	354	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes						So long as no financial information or other information was kept, then I don't think that this experiment would harm anyone. However, it has the potential too, so I would like the researchers to let its subjects know that this experiment is potentially risky.			This experiment seems less risky than the first one presented, but it still seems like there is a potential for some subjects to be harmed through the research.	
A2ZJRD86Y91566	3QBD8R3Z21K8US8TH91KJN2DAKC4OV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	629	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Making sure they are not causing spam while researching it.	They should not assume anything from their data.	All experiments must have some degree of caution.	They must be sure there are no leaks to allow private information to escape. Not sure about the using of facebook to get friends, but that's where it can come from anyway.	All research should be done with caution.	This needs to be done, and some friends are especially vulnerable to believing the spam is real.	 Some of my friends are always posting positive things, so they need to be included	This is important research.	This is good way for phishing to be tracked.	All should be allowed to do it.
A2ZJS73XSSMRTD	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8W8TU2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	507	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Isn't hurting anyone, the researchers are not the spammers.		Some people may not be so reassured at the end of the experiment.	I don't think it would provide reliable results from students.	Some people may not proceed with the experiment because the of the warning which may cause some to feel cheated.					
A2ZKUKB5FES9ZT	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6DK79O	Control	848	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										Since the person won't be identified, I think it would be useful to find out if their online behavior is potentially careless.
A2ZN45RSP3ZJ52	3SITXWYCNVAF907UXFY3AEZCW8VXBG	Control	645	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	It seems like the researchers would become hackers themselves, and that this type of experiment would be illegal.			This seems like a serious breach of privacy						
A2ZRWJR0QU0LQ	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7G8GKGV	UnnamedCompany	780	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The more we know, the better we can deal with spammers.	I don't see any harm in this experiment.	Why would you do this experiment without looking for recommendations?	Same as before, we need to do these types of experiments to understand how people get duped by emails.	understanding how people view security warnings would interesting.	Same as before, it would be their decision.  I see nothing wrong with completing this experiment.	There is nothing wrong with the experiment, so they could make their own decision.  I think it would be interesting to see how they were affected.	If they wanted to participate, that is fine.  But why would you not have recommendations to help those affected?	I think we need to better understand these online issues, so if they wanted to be included I would be for it.	Sure.  It would be up to them.
A2ZU1P6UYE1UBU	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HMZQC2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1543	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	If they do their jobs correctly no one should be hurt in any way shape or form 	It does not seem like this study would hurt anybody 				It sounds like it is pretty legitimate and controlled enough to not be dangeroys	There appears to be very little if no risk 			
A2ZUXMZ8J42HKL	3R2PKQ87NW9E2WMWPIOBLKNRKZ2MIB	NoAdvertising	695	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		Violates human privacy.		This could best be perceived as an internal review by the university to try and lower student's susceptibility to phishing attacks.	If people don't continue after the security warning, the researcher's may get terrible reviews on Turkopticon and more expert turkers may avoid the HIT altogether.		This should not get past an internal review board. It influences people without ANY awareness whatsoever, whereas typical approved deception requries an agreement to the study before the study takes place.			
A2ZWGVEHYFC79N	3VW6495TLJ10MDQFC3YP134MJJ3YYQ	InsertPosts	237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		Very interesting study!			Online Security is extremely important and most individuals do not realize how their actions online can affect their lives. This would be an excellent way to make people understand.	Spamming is a major problem which needs to be investigated.	I am interested in the outcome of this study. It sound extremely interesting and I have never considered this in the past.	Hacking is a major ongoing issue which needs to be investigated.	Phishing is a major problem which needs to be investigated.	Individuals do not understand the severity of their actions online.
A2ZXTX5FE5MJ4	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PU10DQ	InsertPosts	468	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		See above statement regarding lack of informed consent.	Again, users who were tricked should be notified.	The users should be notified to change their passwords once the study is complete.		I'd be curious if my friends would ever do something as stupid as buy something from a spam email.	Facebook is potentially altering people without informed consent.  That's an ethics violation.			
A2ZYJ7USULYRMS	32XVDSJFPZYARB8U0F3JY4GAVXU2MT	NoAdvertising	523	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Just because it's spam doesn't always mean the product isn't legitimate. I would be surprised if it wasn't illegal to prevent them from purchasing the products they want.	I don't agree with trying to purposely shape peoples moods, but honestly the service belongs to them and they can do whatever they want with it.	Deception is common in research and no harm can come from being tricked to type your password somewhere where it won't be saved or stolen.	There's no harm in what they're doing as long as they keep the passwords safe.	You would likely need to screen out the computer-literate. People who know what they're doing with computers will recognize that the security warning doesn't look normal and will think the security warning is a security breach in itself, like malware that disguises itself as an antivirus program. 				I think most of my friends are unaware of phishing and maybe they would pay better attention if it happened to them.	
A302M81U0HM7RJ	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CBPZJJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	552	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
A302X5EEYOV0R	3HMIGG0U4L7L77ZXZZ0V2QGKQ798Y1	InsertPosts	711	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	A mistake in coding could result in risk to individuals security. Also, participants should be made aware that they are participating in some sort of study.	Participants are not aware that they are participating in a study. It is also emotionally manipulative. 	No real data collection is happening and a disclosure is given. There will be net good. 	Accessing participants facebooks is an invasion of privacy, and researchers could potentially leak students info on accident. 				It could help them learn about their own usage. 		
A304TFLSNPFOP1	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AUBRFF	WithoutPublication	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A309BUQDT1PVU4	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z66P5VI	NoAdvertising	390	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					Why not?					I don't care
A30APZZ64MGI6A	3NOKK93PR194A3SXC1A1NXKQJ7KEER	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	489	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A30C394YKHW5FB	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSS802R	InsertPosts	686	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	hijacking someone else's computer even if it is a spammers is wrong	It is wrong to manipulate people's emotions. That shouldn't need to be said.		I think that even with good intentions the amount of confusion and further non-research related phising schemes it could lead to would not be worth any positive that may come.				I think it would only spread confusion among people, thinking that hey it at least it's for science and it may make them more vulnerable. 	I recommend that people not respond to any type of phising emails and spreading confusion by saying it's for research would only be harmful I feel.	
A30DQJISDDS2CQ	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRMB3TEG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	295	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	People need to be informed after the study that they were involved in it, or permission needs to be asked beforehand	It is a good experiment	Yes, it is a valuable study with no harm 	They need to make sure everyone involved does not keep the passwords that people enter, as those are personal.	Presenting a fake security risk to someone could cause some health issues	My friend would be in a study and would never know	It is not a harmful experiment, so they should go for it	Yes, it is interesting and no-harm	It is non-harmful	I wouldn't want to put someone I know in that stressful situation
A30DYEI5LJ4MCT	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87VKMA2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	475	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	Controls need to be in place.	Seems interesting and fun research.	Good and valuable research.	Controls need to be in place. Results should be shared with all.	Looks interesting and potentially valuable.	Seems risky. Would be cautious here.	Sounds like fun.	Password control is critical today.	Because I would want to contribute to the understanding of behaviors which would lead people to participate and become vulnerable.	Would like to learn of more details regarding the types of warnings.
A30ELG4S13SSRG	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z61OV5X	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	601	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A30J3PQ91R1CMF	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YYJF24	NoAdvertising	735	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	If you are doing this, do it with the intent of assisting or attempting to eliminate SPAM emails.	Yes because it is a good way to develop an idea about people's daily habits as it pertains to their positngs and what moods or actions are directly influencing it.	By having this experiment, try to also bring out ways to protect yourself from hackers.	IF you do this, ensure that you have the intent of helping to eliminate the means of Phishing and also send out an email or something that lets the victim know that this was an experiment rather than them realizing they were hacked.	yes they should proceed but with caution in the event that any information that is presented to the participant is not emotionally or mentally dehabilitating in that they experience some type of harm from the deception.	Just a way that hacker's can mimic this.	Absolutely because people should realize that we are human's and that we have negative and positive emotions.  	This is a good way to identify how secure your internet and passwords are.	Too sensitive and could cause tension in the family	I would want them to be a candidate because I believe critical thinking is essential and helpful to analyze as well.  
A30LWF91IUAVSO	3MX2NQ3YC9VDKKQLW57Q7SZKMAKX5M	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	827	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I think the risks outweigh the benefits. 	They need to come up with a better way of doing this besides messing with someones newsfeed. 	Yes, people should be aware of the risks. 		As long as they let the participant know this is just an experiment I think it is beneficial. 	This just seems risky. 	I don't like the idea of withholding information from people. 		I do not see the harm in this type of experiment. It would actually be helpful to them to learn about the dangers of phishing. 	I find this to be helpful. It makes the participant aware of the risks. 
A30MI0NSAN7Y8T	3KV0LJBBH2MRVVPFF5IKZCOI7YERMJ	NoAdvertising	619	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no		They should not manipulate what a person sees without permission or knowledge of being in a study.	It might be important to learn how to protect passwords better.	Participants must agree before being in an experiment.			They did not agree to be a participant and should have a choice.	Deception is very dangerous.		
A30NZ3E1WBX5AI	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X4KUH4	UnnamedCompany	395	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			sure, why not?	Sure, why not? There is no actual harm involved.				it's a worthwhile study	There are many people who still don't realize how serious Phishing is and how much harm/damage can come from it.	
A30T3V2GJS6T0U	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMPYX0EY	InsertPosts	654	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	I don't think it is ethical to perform experiments on people that have not consented to participate in any kind of study.	Features that would censor social networks are not necessarily a good thing.	Stolen passwords cause a lot of problems for a lot of people, and anything that can help people avoid having it happen to them is a good thing.	It is slightly better that the students would be able to opt out of having their data included, but it is still not ethical to obtain the data without permission in the first place.	Developing new and more effective security warnings could be very beneficial to people who are not very computer savvy.					
A30U962PZRVJYP	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPYHL304	Twitter	2367	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	It seems deceptive and could pose possible harm to their computers.		some people get very upset about being deceived.			I wouldn't want to risk anyone getting a virus on their computer		although deceptive, a full explanation will be given and there is no mention of someone getting a virus on their computer		sounds harmless
A30X89PMN1TPNC	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICWDO87	WithoutImprovingProduct	702	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	They are not explaining their deception to unknowing participants after the fact and should be responsible for any ill that comes of the messages knowingly forwarded through their computer. 	Facebook is not being overseen by an IRB, has no recourse if they release any of this data, and has no one to whom they are responsible is something were to go wrong. 	I am not certain how confidentiality of the participants is being guaranteed, or if the participants agreed to be in a study in the first place. If any will were to come of it participants who had unknowingly participated would not be able to contact an IRB to address these concerns. 	Invasion of privacy, potential for legal recourse, potential for dangerous breach of confidentiality, 	I do not see the deception as harmful, and the researchers debrief their participants. 	There is no guarantee that the researchers are savvy enough to make sure that not negative recourse could happen as a result of being sent this spam. 	Facebook is not being overseen by an IRB, has no recourse if they release any of this data, and has no one to whom they are responsible is something were to go wrong. 	I am not certain how confidentiality of the participants is being guaranteed, or if the participants agreed to be in a study in the first place. If any will were to come of it participants who had unknowingly participated would not be able to contact an IRB to address these concerns. 	Invasion of privacy, potential for legal recourse, potential for dangerous breach of confidentiality, 	I do not see the deception as harmful. 
A30Y4MWQM4SW0J	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ318136	UnnamedCompany	1070	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes						It will not collect personal information so it's fine.	Even though they aren't aware, they aren't going to be giving out personal information. 	Even though I understand the purpase, my loved one will still feel manipulated. 	Causes mistrust where just notifying students of ways to be safe onlone would do fine.	It might be irritating but will be okay.
A30YUB0WTMKX73	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D1323LV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	331	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A30ZBG4SIBCC2A	3EJPLAJKEMHY8JQE265GWJTVQ3BZ6F	NoAdvertising	1129	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	no										
A310HXQSNP56Z1	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF8QM5L	WithoutPublication	330	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A311S2J8UUQ7QR	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL6A54VN	Twitter	442	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A31275QVGYP7C4	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ25HR6	WithoutImprovingProduct	281	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no										
A314ACG5TEIGDO	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ9BK56	Twitter	594	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes							information should not be manipulated	Hacking must be stopped		Internet security is very important
A318QP0E1HS9DX	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSPXDLR	WithoutImprovingProduct	470	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			With caution is key, if the results get in the wrong hands the participants could be compromised					Doesnt affect me directly 	Doesnt affect me personally	
A31A19S58VS0GF	3DHE4R9OCWCAZ1C8PC5OLZWDZEE2GN	InsertPosts	273	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A31A20Z5P0UJBH	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87IVAMB	Twitter	395	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A31A8IDFG727AQ	3WJEQKOXA8320PH9K8D0KUB599R1AP	WithoutPublication	535	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A31AG5Q0S5OI5V	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CNKPA0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	14187	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes		Care needs to be taken to preserve privacy, and the posts destroyed afterwards. 	All private materials must be destroyed at the end of the research.	It doesn't seem ethical. 	It seems safe and is therefore okay with me. 	I don't have a reason to object to this. 		If they were made aware of their participation, then it's up to them. 	It doesn't seem as though the students are made aware of their participation. 	
A31AYURG5Z3M83	3KAKFY4PGU3DGAEMJ0JWPLELK26I30	UnnamedCompany	601	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes		No, no consent.			Yes, necessary precautions are taken and consent is given.	Important research	If a perhaps suicidal person only saw negative posts, could increase likelihood of attempt		Notification is good, but maybe possible to get agreement without actually phishing. (E.g. Hide it in study)	Important research
A31BNM3VRVMHAF	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7MNC9U	WithoutPublication	783	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent			There should be safeguards and oversight to ensure that no passwords are actually collected and stored.			If the computer is being controlled by actual spam mail propagators, then their email address is now compromised and on their future lists.  That effect will last far beyond this study.	There are other ways to study the affect of positive or negative influences on mood that are more open.  Plus some people obtain important information via social media today, and disallowing posts from being seen can have unintended effects.		As long as the person was notified that they were part of the study, the passwords were not used to gain access to the users' accounts and they were sent recommendations to change the password for the account affected.  This is a great opportunity for many users to learn about online safety.	
A31C8FE1GUTGUZ	31EUONYN2V47O5R81527SD2QNV4OV4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	218	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	SPAM serves no purpose just ban it and save everyone alot of time and paper			Just ban it 	Seems like an invasion of privacy	Seems like a lot of risk on my behalf to not much benefit for being involved with the experiment		Passwords are private	Phishing is a terrible practice which should be outlawed	Seems like more risk on my part and no benefit for participating
A31EXRBL9JJLFC	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUK3B7W	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1062	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Tough call, but given that no personal info will be collected and it's more about just collecting the numbers on who bought into the spam, I think it could be okay.	Facebook should not be able to censor anybody like this.	I guess it's okay.	I'm torn over it.  I don't like the idea of deceiving the students, but it's important that research be done so that actual malicious phishing can be curbed.  	The deception in this case is not quite as unethical, I think, because the stakes are lower.		I wouldn't want someone I knew and cared about to be involved in some form of social manipulation by facebook.		I'm not sure, really.	
A31F3CWD719718	31Q0U3WYDPGKHNJBD51GA39F8Z771M	NoAdvertising	588	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A31IZKL0SIL3MB	3X73LLYYQ1FKOJWCV1LQYNBCP41HN1	InsertPosts	9712	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A31P57D7G6S8PL	34YB12FSQYP065G1ZUO808AB5DUMGL	NoAdvertising	3059	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent							I think this would be an interesting test of how reading emotions affects your own emotions.			
A31P783QKT4K3B	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFSDIO4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	640	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	The links MUST be changed and the researchers must know about EVERYTHING that the spammers have infected the computer with.	Not allowing users to see all posts doesn't give me a good vibe.	The password CANNOT be stored at any point.	If the passwords are protected, or destroyed immediately, students will not be in danger.	There is no danger.	This study seems safe enough if all goes as planned.	It is their own choice, I don't care about this issue.	People may be frightened that their password actually WAS stolen, there is no guarantee to the average user.	Many people use the same password for multiple websites. This could be disastrous if leaked.	These researchers have a good cause.
A31R0A2K3TN67J	3YMTUJH0DSHO7KD1DQNJDX809HT4TV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	562	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent						Unethical. 	This is clearly unethical. I've heard that it actually happened, and is making people I know consider quitting Facebook altogether. Ugh, Facebook is the worst.	I think in general it's fine, there are no obvious moral issues.	The students, unlike Mechanical Turkers have not consented to being a part of any research.	
A31RMITN4K8YU7	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZUSIZE	WithoutImprovingProduct	310	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A31T92WWOBU15A	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJRSEVG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	668	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent				You have to securely (even temporarily) store the passwords for checking.  You would also have to be transparent in your whole process to ensure there are no security holes.		My father is very vulnerable to these attacks.  It would be helpful to educate him on ways to prevent it.			To show that you should always be careful when visiting websites, even highly reputable ones.	
A31W3X4BMTGOH8	37U1UTWH9VNCA6NBL481UUNNNL8R8Y	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	416	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	no										
A31Y2UA2LPDSWZ	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP2IB9J	InsertPosts	1076	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I understand the good of putting the gullible to good experimental use but I still have problems in proceeding without informing them.	Not unless Facebookers are given the option of opting out.	Provided again that there's some degree of informed consent.	But I would agree is they selected a population and provided informed consent.		I don't like for those I care about to be taken advantage of, as is ultimately the case here, which is also what the spammers are doing too, I know. So I don't want the spammers to do it why should I want the researchers to?	A manipulated influx of negative posts might make the person feel bad.	Participants can still be informed of the general nature of the experiment and it can take place over a long period during which the participants will be unsure if any attack is part of the experiment or not.	Again, there's no informed consent and I think that's a vital component of such research.	So long as the person understands he is participating in some kind of experiment, as the language of the first bullet implies, then I have no qualms.
A31YXNU5LYFA7W	3N4BPTXIO8TOLZHTYN09PAJYPKPUK7	Twitter	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes								It's a study so in the end nothing bad will happen to my friend and they'll know more about hackers.		
A31Z5P006F45KT	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYMI5HM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	511	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	No consent is being offered or given, though the interruption of a scam is difficult to see as a bad thing.	Without consent or at least notification it is an invasion of their privacy.	Controls to protect privacy of data must be sufficient.	Controls to protect the actual passwords and usernames being divulged.	Protections of anonymity and personal data must be in place.		There is no ability or attempt to either notify or provide consent either before or after the experiment takes place.			May help teach them a lesson
A31Z5TPD8QKE26	3TDXMTX3CBVCDT1422HUWOQ5UQ96IP	UnnamedCompany	673	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		It's manipulative.	I wouldn't trust that the password information is being controlled.		It seems like it will benefit people.	It seems like an unnecessary pain for whoever gets the e-mails.	It may negatively affect their mood.	I wouldn't trust that the password information is being controlled.	It's just obnoxious and deceptive.	They may learn something from it.
A31ZLRPNQ0DPZS	36NEMU28XFEW3R61EZSQMBWZZ24WMG	Control	484	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	It would give a good idea of how many attempts to buy products are produced by spammers.	Again anybody should be able to post whatever they want when they want and have whoever they want to be able to see it.		It would help educate people about how phishing works and teach people to be more cautious.	The researchers are not actually posing a real threat to the user, so I think it would be ok.	The people I know that use computers would not actually know what they where getting into.	I don't think facebook should be handled this way. I think people should be able to see whatever anybody posts instead of hiding it or delaying the post.		I think it would be a good idea to teach someone how phishing works and maybe they would be more cautious in the future.	Because I think it would help educate a person I care for about computer threats. All the people close to me don't really know much about computers.
A31ZY7KUDA1MWS	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5QGGTOX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	934	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes		 				It seems harmless as long as people are kept anonymous.				
A320QA9HJFUOZO	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IMWR6KX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	736	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I support the research and think it could be very valuable, but the researchers should be cautious and make sure no one is actually affected by real spam or other unwanted intrusions.	It seems valuable so I support it but they should proceed with caution so as not to intrude upon people's privacy.	The research seems very important and valuable, but there should be caution that no real information is collected, stored, or distributed. 	This research appears valuable and could help learn more about phishing attacks and how to prevent them better.  They should just make sure not to compromise anyone's privacy while conducting the research.	The research seems valuable for learning more about the effectiveness of security warnings, so I would support it.	I support any research that could help stop spam, and there appear to be no risks involved, so I would recommend anyone participate.	The research could be valuable, but I don't know if I would want my Facebook page / news feed intruded upon and cluttered with artificial posts, so I am not sure I would want a person I cared about to be involved.	This research could be very valuable for improving security of passwords and preventing hacking and data collection, so I would support anyone to take part in it, since their private data is not actually collected.	I think this research would be valuable and could help prevent future phishing attacks and intrusions, so I would want the person to be involved.  There appear to be no risks involved in the research, so I would encourage everyone to take part in it.	The research seems valuable and could help develop more effective security warnings, so I would support anyone take part in the research since it seems to have no real risks involved.
A321UTTHJSC5PO	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBY0D09I	InsertPosts	320	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	no										
A323O8GJP2B28X	3PEIJLRY6TU7X355S6UZXSCX65YXW9	Control	2819	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	This seems like a bad idea. For one, it doesn't seem a reliable way to get data. Too many variables outside the researchers control. It also makes them passive observers of criminal behavior and exploitation.	Some folks might get depressed, obviously, and that could lead to bad places, especially if any of the participants have poor mental stability already.	I simply see no reason why not. No actual passwords were harmed in the making of this research.	Dear god, no. This seems like a disaster. All it would take is one leak of any of the information anywhere, not to mention that a bunch of people would be getting access to other people;s /actual passwords/. Terrible idea for all kinds of reasons I haven't even STARTED to get into here.	I don't think it's a problem, but obviously, people can get pretty worked up about security and security risks of any kind. We don't want people getting TOO worried. :) 	I wouldn't want anyone I cared about involved  in this kind of work. It seems like bad waiting to happen.	They might find the result interesting themselves. They'd clearly know something was going on, but wouldn't necessaril know what. I'd be a bit worried about a friend seeing nothing but negative news about another friend, but I don't think it'd be that long a space of time.	It might actually make them savvier to the kind of things that might cost them their passwords. I can see this as a net benefit.	No. I wouldn't want any of my loved ones personal information at risk to this research.	Most of the people who I know would still find it interesting, and would probably expect that they were not actually at risk. This probably makes the, bad candidates for the experiment in the first place.
A324FQ64NCN2YS	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTRVS9U	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	498	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		the data may breached and then used for real crimes		I would be leery that the data may become readily available to hackers and then used for real crimes.			I would like them to know if they are susceptible to phishing and then be better able to protect themselves in the future		I would like them to participate to see if they are susceptible to phishing and if so better protect themselves in the future.	
A3251CEVVNBBOP	3N2BF7Y2VQVE61BCJ06QL8MCKEQHM0	NoAdvertising	687	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent		Facebook is a free service so data us fair game		The wrong move could cause a breach of personal information	It might cause participants to feel that their computers have viruses		Doesnt really affect them or me much.		It doesn't seem to harmful	
A325BIJIG3AK1T	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7OIR99	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1394	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	They must be sure that nothing they do in this experiment will cause harm to anyone who participates.		They have to be sure that nothing that they do in the experiment will harm anyone else.			Because they wouldn't only help the person conducting the survey but very likely will learn ways to protect themselves also.		I believe that isn't not just a good learning experience for the person who conducting the experiment but for those participating.		
A325K8HBB80GEE	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NC1HFE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	239	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A325RV1JJWJDX6	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4CKJX1	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	894	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think it would be helpful information to know, but dangerous to the people receiving the spam emails and potentially purchasing through the links. 	I don't think any harm could come from the experiment.	Deception is tricky, however, the experiment may help participants learn to be more cautious with their passwords.	Tricking students without their knowledge seems risky, but if they are notified in the end, and no real information about them is identified, I think it would be ok. 	Participants would not be facing any real threat of any kind. 	Spam emails usually end badly- They might get scammed	It is up to my friend to do what they want.	I have no preference because no real harm will come to them, they will not really fall victim to password theft.	It does not seem like any real harm would come to any body.	They would not face any real risk.
A32BHSESKE1XWT	39DD6S19JPC2LYJT8OOE87L87AOZE7	Twitter	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	It seems like personal data could be comprimised	I quit Facebook for this extact reason. It is unethical and wrong.		It seems unethical to deliberately phish people.	Personal data is not at risk	It seems like personal data could be comprimised	I quit Facebook for this extact reason. It is unethical and wrong.		It seems unethical to deliberately phish people.	Personal data is not at risk
A32CMQGGTSUK6Z	382M9COHEHGLZZPJ21P6RF6T5SMUEQ	WithoutPublication	1756	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	They may be out of their league on this one and could not control the experiment in the hands of expert spammers.	The should use their head and moral compass and not exclude extraordinary posts.			Completely harmless in it's net end result.	This has an opportunity to get out of the researcher's hands in the hands of the right people.	Harmless enough experiment and would be indicative of how they react in certain situations, thus learning more about them.		Everything is anonymous, and if anything is a good learning tool about the dangers of this.	So long as no risk is acutally incurred, and not the reverse, this is totally fine with me. The other way around is completely contemptible though.
A32DA7RCYB1I7F	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FK7348	NoAdvertising	742	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I can see how it could possibly be beneficial but the level of deceit that has to be used to innocent people doesn't sit well with me. I'm not sure.	Technically Facebook is their platform so they should be allowed, but at the same time I feel like this is deceptive for the people using their service, so I'm not sure at this point.	If it will help increase security then I think it is worth it.	So long as they were confident that the results of the study and the info they get from it will be able to be put to use.	The sensitive data that is being used is extremely minimal and the possible positive results from this research seem to be very high. I would support this research.	This would violate their private information too much.	I would feel like Facebook was using them. I don't think it's in the person I know's best interest.	There will be no real harm done, it may feel like they have been violated somewhat but I feel it is mostly for a good cause.	I think that the harm from this is minimal but still very deceitful. I would be ok if they were included.	I think that this type of research could be very helpful, but don't care either way if someone I cared about was a participant. 
A32DYGCIIA7VEG	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZ1EVXP	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1042	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Seems like a good approach, but I'm not sure how the fake website would operate. It seems to me that there could be issues with that if not done properly.	Intentional manipulation of emotions could have serious effects for people with certain mental disorders.	No real harm is being done since the researchers are not collecting any passwords.	Verifying passwords suggests using them to attempt to log in. This seems unnecessary and intrusive.	Since no real risk is created, I see no problem with this.	It seems like there are no participants chosen by the researchers in this study.	I don't think this should be experiment should be done in this manner.		I have concerns about the methodology.	
A32EXXHK21AB6C	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P5577NJ67	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1066	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	They are mainly observing what criminals are doing based on their actions. There is no personal data collected on the participants but they also don't approve the study with their consent...	This seems evil. I can't really explain it but I feel like if this is allowed then we will be on a slippery slope to worse things.	The line between criminal activity and research is very thin on this topic. I don't think researchers can do this without informed consent ahead of the study.	There should at least be some sort of consent for participating in a study even if you aren't completely aware of the goals.	The research is important and it is critical that the participants not know the true intention of the study upfront but I think it might make some people panic about their personal data so I'm not sure it's acceptable.	The researchers are the victims in this case so I think they can participate if they want to.	I don't want a corporation to surreptitiously manipulate the mood of someone I care about.	I wouldn't want someone I know to go through this but I think it is important that people protect their passwords.	I wouldn't want anyone to unknowingly participate in research	I don't think any substantial harm can come from this so it's ultimately up to them.
A32F070MKM1ICD	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEUWXCQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	232	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A32FIOOQE8U98U	3OVR4I9USPKBF4L9WMTO8SXDPA6Q4F	WithoutPublication	7491	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes				I could damage friendships.						
A32MGSAQ6QL9CK	320DUZ38G7NA5XAGWXBGKGIU1N3GJN	InsertPosts	483	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	Again, the uninformed aspect of the study. 		This is tricky because they're studying the population most likely to be targeted, and that population is already on the verge of being computer illiterate (is that stereotyping?).	I'm not sure they'd be able to actually confirm with the university the passwords.	They appear to be following standard procedure.	I do not like that the participants are not informed. This is really close to a natural observation study, but I'm not sure the scientific community has come to a consensus as how to treat online behaviors.	Facebook is a social platform, and people should be well aware that they collect massive amounts of data from you.	Most of those that I know are not that tech savvy to begin with, and this might affect their trust in computers.		Seems like a harmless study.
A32OT15UXM28M1	33L7PJKHCGZPQL03PTDWU9O5BB3T8L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	584	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes					Some people could become angry at having been deceived.	Seems fairly harmless.	It seems that the only possible result is more happiness for the subjects, so I am ok with it.	It's obvious that it is very easy for hackers to break passwords. What if they broke into the researchers' computers and stole all of that data?	Again, it might make them more cautious in case of an actual scam, so I think it serves a purpose and does not harm participants.	It could make them more cautious in the future, after the experiment was revealed.
A32P2E4JW54NPS	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK0E127W	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	689	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Once again, there's no harm one way or another and the results would be interesting.					There's no harm one way or another.	There are not any negative side effects of the study.	What does "researchers want to learn the fraction of Internet users" mean?  	It's an obvious conclusion that someone would more likely act on a recommendation by someone they trust and know then someone they don't.  It's a pointless experiment.	There appears to be no harm to this experiment and the information gained would be useful
A32PNTIGJF38XQ	3YHH42UU5BGJPJNVLGYQF386YWJL0T	Control	1490	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes				The access to real passwords, even if they're purged later, is troubling.		Despite the fact the software is being monitored by the researchers and there's some limit to the damage that could be caused, they're still allowing the subject's computer to be infected by a virus.	There aren't any real negative consequences.	No passwords are actually being stolen.	There is a possibility that they will enter their real password and have it compromised.	There is no actual security risk, and this is made clear to participants after the fact.
A32U640O3VIEMY	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYLF5HH	WithoutPublication	243	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A32UE0WDFAUWBE	336KAV9KYQTALSX8JIRUSZ3H45V2Y2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	636	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It is unethical to mimic other businesses for research purposes.					Would not want someone to be part of altered software for research purposes.				
A32VJLRWGMYGSU	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSZ5VLI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1044	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Spam is a big problem and it is a good idea to find out why it appears to be so profitable. 	I just don't know. I understand the intent to protect vulnerable users but this really seems to cross the privacy line. 	I know it may be necessary but I hate to give up privacy to anyone. I don't like the idea of researches having access to my accounts. 	It is a good idea and will help to make people more aware of the problem and potential danger. 	In the long run it will help to make people aware of security risks. 	I think this is a good learning tool and will help a lot of people. 	I am not sure. I really don't like the idea of these researchers involving themselves with what appears on my Facebook. It seems just too manipulative. 	I think so. It is sad that it has come to this but there is a real danger of having our personal information hacked which allows criminals access websites and accounts that need to be secure. 	I think this demonstration would provide a good learning experience for those who are vulnerable to phishing emails.	I don't see any harm in this experiment and the result is worthy. 
A32W422DMUY3ZY	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FF20YN7	Control	311	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A32XKGZXSMQ3ZN	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87THMAV	Twitter	409	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A32ZNE8Q5GXAIV	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHBL0H4	WithoutPublication	1126	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	no	no	no		It sounds interesting to me. I'm curious to see how much other people's moods affect their own.	See above. Sounds super creepy. Seems like it should be illegal. I don't like duplicity. Sounds unethical.	It is deceitful. This experiment is creepy and weird. 	It is deceitful. I think these types of deceitful experiments are unethical.		I would just be curious to know more about the experiment from the person I care about. 	I wouldn't want my worst enemy to be included as a participant. It sounds creepy.	It's deceitful.	It is deceitful.
A32ZPYIWFEUCDX	3DIP6YHAPCTN12I6ZYO1VNO48X58ER	NoAdvertising	848	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	It is borderline unethical, it should also help companies like Norton to create better Spam-blockers after the study is done!	They are not a University or medical-psych company!	For the same reasons as above.	Once again it is against the law!		I would participate but would not want anyone I know to do so.	I do not find this to be an ethical experiment it is similar to some experiments that are now shown to college freshman as a warning not do this. I also am not sure but feel that Facebook is using whomever they please and not asking permission. Lastly, facebook is not a research company.	Passwords should never be part of an experiment. It is too much of a temptation for the researchers and Dangerous for the participants.	This violates a thousand laws and is not an ethical study!	I would not want my friends to do this unless I discussed it several times over a one to two week period first.
A330JHGYEFJY6E	3DOCMVPBTNFCYFINYZG33788BJLNNX	InsertPosts	889	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't think researchers should be asking for real passwords that people use.	I don't think they should be asking for real passwords that people use.	I don't think the researchers should be asking for real passwords of the people taking the survey.	I don't think the researchers should be asking for people's real passwords		I think others should decide for themselves as to whether or not to participate	It would be their decision as to whether or not they want to participate.	I think others should decide for themselves as to whether or not to participate	I think others should decide for themselves as to whether or not to participate.
A330TMJO9L7K1F	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSXULVT	WithoutImprovingProduct	313	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A333JVWMKDSOF8	34FNN24DCMA2KPGV11TSQ66TOEJ5Y1	Twitter	679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent										
A334V9Z5AJOK36	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54KG0RY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	992	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	I think the feedback to the users is not defined well enough.  They are left not knowing until the final paper which is summarized.	I think it is important more these days to identify online moods of certain people who might be trending in a negative direction and can be stopped before something bad happens.	I think the premise is deceitful but I understand the point.	I say no unless it is in a very controlled environment with people.  I think everyone participating should know the experiment beforehand.		I would not think a friend of mine would benefit participating.	I think it would be a good exercise to study online psychology since this allows to get inside an individual's thinking pattern.	I would not want a friend of mine being deceived by this.	I would not want a friend of mine to participate in something that seemed to be set on a fraudulent basis.	
A3366XRW1P7YKE	3PPTZCWALQLRI19YHFJE2OAMQ41ZQQ	Control	973	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	On paper, the experiment seems to take proper measures to protect the unknowing participants. Anything less than what is written I would be concerned. I also don't know much about this topic though, so am not really qualified to judge if the precautions are proper. 	Same as above. 	More details of what they will be doing should be provided. 	Same reasons as above. 		No, but only because I would hope people close enough to me would know not to open spam emails. 	It's interesting, but just not sure it's proper to manipulate Facebook in that way. 	There are not many details here, I'm not sure what is happening other than replicating "the techniques that hackers use". I have no idea what this exactly means so don't want to be a part of it. 	The Facebook part as well as the University's involvement just seems wrong. There has to be a better way to conduct this experiment. 	
A338WDQE1DC2LF	333U7HK6I9G7TD0PU7A8EVFXOR8DJN	WithoutImprovingProduct	1611	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Getting rid of spam is important.	It is good to know about positive and negative posts.	People should be aware of hacking threats.	Phishing needs to be eradicated.	Security is important.	Getting rid of spam is important.	It is good to know about positive and negative posts.	People should be aware of hacking threats.	Phishing needs to be eradicated.	It is good to be secure.
A3393HRM9KT2FG	3WQQ9FUS6AVPUZ6MP7MBUFIJ5ZJB8J	WithoutPublication	711	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no		From what I can see it sounds like they're doing it without people's permission, and that is just wrong.		I get what they're trying to do, but I think it's a little too much, with getting them to enter passwords and verifying their passwords etc..			Because I think it's a pretty useless experiment, and makes no difference as Facebook is just a site for fun.	It goes way too far, privacy invasion...	I think it's an invasion of privacy, so no.	
A339XOY8DU2UWE	3OS4RQUCR9GY9EG9XLSH47Z5S2WFB2	UnnamedCompany	448	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes		I don't feel comfortable with social media platforms being used for psychological and social experiments (even though I would not be surprised if it's been done before or is currently being done).			With participants not knowing about it ahead of time, the study has a lower chance of having skewed results, but it could be upsetting to some of the participants, particularly ones who are most likely good candidates for the study.					
A33B85TN97HQ33	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0MH8IX	UnnamedCompany	620	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	i don't think a study on spam is important and the methods are too risky	but only with knowing participants	it would depend on the level of security the study actually has	by using fake email address that looks real it makes it very risky to be duped by someone out of the experiment	it won't hurt anyone to do the experiment so i see no reason why not	you would be inputting actual financial information that could be hacked	the study doesn't seem important either way or harmful	real passwords will be given and hackers could hack into the study and obtain them along with participants identities	they will be using actual passwords and this increases the chance of being hacked	the experiment poses no risks but it is also not one of vast importance either.
A33CI4Z7Z690HX	3F0BG9B9MPOH7TUEPU8POQKPFWI7YA	NoAdvertising	623	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	no										
A33CTOV2RIEXLP	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54JIR0P	NoAdvertising	911	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Since the researchers are not creating posts themselves and only filtering which ones they deem positive or negative, then I see no ethical or moral reasons against the experiment.	The researchers need to make sure that no passwords are actually collected or stored.	The caution being that all passwords recovered during the experiment be destroyed once the experiment is completed.	I see no moral or ethical dilemmas involved with the experiment.	Since this experiment involves actually infecting the participant's computer, I think that too many things could go wrong here.	It doesn't seem like a harmful experiment so the participants would only experience negligible discomfort.	Since the passwords are not stored or collected, then there is no harm to the participant.	I think computer security is an extremely important concept in today's world.	Since there is no actual computer security threat, I think the experiment is a good idea.
A33DZYZ8E2LO1D	3TDXMTX3CBVCDT1422HUWOQ5UTD6IZ	Twitter	307	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes										
A33FEFJ5LURANX	3X4MXAO0BGPN07JTJ7O78AQ95QIRWG	WithoutImprovingProduct	3796	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	no	There are risks regarding the security of the information they are collecting. 	I'm sure there are some people who would find this interesting and not mind participating. 	The more information they have condensed about the kind of people fall for hacks, the more easily that information is accessible by hackers. 	My one hesitation is "researching" participants' friends via Facebook. It seems like a violation of privacy and trust. 	I think it's a very interesting and useful survey, but I think it's a very sensitive one that needs to have extra care that there is no real security risk and needs to really fully truly reassure participants that there was no security risk.	I think it's a worthwhile experiment, and it actually saves people who fall for spam from being compromised. 		I would not trust the researchers to safely dispose of the collected information. 	As long as the passwords were properly controlled and disposed of, and if the university is monitoring the researchers, I think the experiment is okay. 	I would worry about the potential for an accidental real security risk. 
A33GPR2ZAQGF5I	3TS1AR6UQQFB72DJK4G1Z5D99D5F7I	Control	537	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	it could be a valid experiment with a few changes such as informing users who try to purchase something that they have been spammed.	I don't think something like this should be done without permission.	I would be afraid that somebody doing the experiment may not be trustworthy.			I disagree with the fact that users who visited the store would not be informed of the study.		I could see that this could be valuable information		
A33JC8PKK6Z85T	3U5JL4WY5KAVO1MLI0OG20T6MDV4XS	InsertPosts	215	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A33L6R9TT07HKL	3GM6G9ZBKNY4BA27JUNFZRP0V9UTMX	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	386	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				I think this is a great idea to gain insight						
A33LREXN26VIPD	3JRJSWSMQHM105C0NHT546GTS7K3ET	WithoutImprovingProduct	163	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A33NWJM477WAVK	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YPFRE8	InsertPosts	227	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A33OQJ5NRKXQU3	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5NBPWBW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1245	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		This is ridiculously unethical.	Its a violation of privacy and probably violates Mturk's terms of service. I\r\nd like to think most of us wouldn't fall for it, but I'm not sure.		The debriefing is a plus.		It sounds like they're tampering with communication.		Just not sure, it's crossing a line in a way.	It doesn't seem invasive, especially in the form of a hit.\r\n
A33UOAX4OD05QR	3IXEICO792K2M7HFWEGYAVSE5AIT6S	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2942	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	This experiment may or may not involve breaking several laws. In the event that it does involve breaking laws, it does involve compromising peoples' security. This is wrong.	It's simply a question of ethics and the methodology for this experiment is unethical, therefore the experiment is unethical despite the potential benefits of carrying out the experiment.	The data this experiment hopes to gather, isn't even necessary. One does not need to know how often people stub their toes to educate as to how they can better avoid such a thing. The same is true of hacking and phishing.	As I stated above, something about this just feels wrong, and because of that, I do not believe this should experiment should be carried out in this manner.	I don't see any major ethical concerns here, so I support this research.	This experiment may or may not involve breaking several laws. In the event that it does involve breaking laws, it does involve compromising peoples' security. This is wrong.	I think it's wrong to curate another users' news feed without consent the same way it's wrong to walk into a stranger's bedroom and proceed to get undressed. Privacy is privacy. Consent is consent. These ends do not justify these means.	Again, the ends do not justify the means. Phishing and hacking for science is still unethical, and I would want to protect my loved ones from such a thing.	This one is a bit more grey. While I can't discern how precisely anyone would be harmed by this, it feels wrong, and seems unethical. Therefore, I would want to protect people I care about from such a thing.	I don't see how anyone is harmed here. Yes, the experiment might be a bit startling. But it does not involve protracted deception or the collection of sensitive data, or violation of privacy.
A33USOAAPHGYUE	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P5579CJ60	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1226	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A33W4CUIMJ0EPW	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4PZ0CQ	UnnamedCompany	312	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent							I think it is wrong to manipulate people's emotions.			
A33WAB363XP4QY	333U7HK6I9G7TD0PU7A8EVFXO13JD8	Control	895	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent		Without user consent, I believe the study is unethical. 			It's necessary to deceive the participants, but every decision should be scrutinized in creating the study. 		The researchers don't appear to be asking the users if they want to be in the study.			
A340O950SL0MNO	3Q5ZZ9ZEVOGN5JPDOXVYRTIRVZO85Y	WithoutPublication	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	It puts the computers of the subjects at risk.	Yes, it does not take any personal information.	Yes, it will help them understand how passwords can be stolen.	Yes, but with extreme care to the passwords.	I do not see how this study will provide any useful information.	I would not want to be infected with spam.	It is only scanning your Facebook posts, not taking passwords or any personal information.	I would want the people I know to be better informed on how passwords can be stolen.	I would want them to help the study, but I wouldn't want their password given out.	I would not want fake warnings coming up on my computer.
A342ESDPDRDCN4	3KMS4QQVK2RZ2HK33Y5A3AIVFTCKFS	InsertPosts	954	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	I've never thought as purposely letting a virus onto my system as being valuable. Hopefully they can monitor this in the ways they think possible.	If they deem it important, then so be it. I just don't really think facebook to be an integral part of society. 	Hackers could turn around and use the information to find out what methods are the best and start actually using those. 	They are causing no trouble and are helping people potentially learn a valuable lesson in online security, they should proceed.	The more HITs, the better.	I don't really see where this is bad, but I do see slight potential that it could not go as planned.	DOn't really lean either way, but I'm not sure I would like not knowing if their posts are real or not ( If I understand what they are doing correctly )	Like the phishing scam, they could learn valuable information and know what to look for in the future.	It could be a valuable learning experience for them. Never give out your passwords.	I want for my friends to get as many HITs as possible, but at the same time, this could cause them to return the HIT and be a waste of their time.
A3442ARLI0822W	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K1FN4P	NoAdvertising	302	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It's informative but can make lots of people upset because nobody enjoys spam.		Yes, because it is an informative study, although you have to have caution because passwords can be dangerous in the wrong hands.			If anything, this study will annoy the person as opposed to learning anything.		I know lots of naive people that could benefit off of this.	Same as the spam one, it would be annoying.	
A3443SS8L4OJG7	39PAAFCODM1N1XWGXMO6MN8DMDIVTE	WithoutImprovingProduct	482	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
A345BP6KT7MR6R	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5QAKTOP	Control	783	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes						No, there is no informed consent and the ads might be for sensitive material that the consumers may not want known. 	No. Just because you don't see a negative post does not mean that you don't have negativity. This study wouldn't make sense, it would assume that your entire mood is contingent on the experiences of your friends. Posting negative posts serves a purpose. You get support from friends and then in turn show friends that support will be offered when it is needed. 	No, the participants may feel violated to know they were part of an experiment to which they gave no consent. 	Absolutely not. This study would be completely unethical. You have access to the student's personal information without their knowledge. And if you obtained consent well then your study wouldn't illicit any useful information since the students are aware that they will be sent a phishing email. 	No information was gathered and participants are aware that they are in a study.
A346IRZCJR3N8P	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3G1JYCS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	547	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If they're not collecting data, then it should be fine, but they should let them know afterwards once they finish attempting to buy the product or after the study was finished	As long as they stated upfront that their posts would be looked at & people let them, then I think they should be allowed to do the study.		They need to be careful and make sure people are aware of the fact it was a survey once it was finished, which it seems they would do.						
A346IX73O7X2XU	36V4Q8R5ZK1RJUAF2QTKUMEDB84MQX	Control	1138	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	Users should be informed about the spam, but after the experiment is over, so the results are not compromised.	This experiment was done without consent of the participants.	Destroy all personal information, and make sure all participants understand the truth about the experiments.	The researchers should make ABSOLUTELY sure that any participants who wish to can be excluded from the study, and that their information is kept private.	Make sure no personal information is disclosed, and that participants fully understand the experiment afterwords.	Again, no informed consent to participate.  	This experiment was done without consent of the participants.	Informed participation (after the fact, which is required by the nature of the experiment).	Participants are informed of the study, but only after their participation.  However, this is necessary for the study to be valid.	The experiment requires users to be unaware at the time it is running, but the researchers inform the participants afterwords.
A347TPGIHEKLEY	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FNGMXZ1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1499	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent							This sounds like an invasion of privacy where Facebook has to be logged in and actively changing a user's friends posts which are not accurate.			I don't think there's any risk posed so I think it'd be ok for that person to be in the experiment.
A347XXV5JH19PB	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVN0IKH	InsertPosts	1177	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		The negative posts may have some consequences worse than the researchers may expect.  	Too dangerous, users may start believing all fraudulant emails are experiments and not be as afraid as they should to click on links or open unknown emails.	Because if users start finding out experiments like this are going on, they won't be as afraid as they should when opening exmails and clicking links.	As long as they explain the reasons at the end of the experiment.		its not going to hurt anyone	I don't think this is a necessary experiment	I don't think this experiment should even take place.	If they wanted to do it I would support them.
A348HWRNI3S6WM	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUC5B7I	Control	473	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Very one sided it seems		It's very important that people be made aware of phising scams	I think it is important to be able to test people by a trial by fire scenario. It really brings out the real world implications. 		Too much manipulation of actual data.	very important for anyone to be a part of such an experiment		
A348IK013WRKAK	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U95OWN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	226	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A34DRPU3RJVD17	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA95942Y	Control	669	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	Too risky					This could easily go wrong and cause someone I know to be scammed out of their creditcard info or their computer security	I don't want the emotions of people I love to be manipulated and possibly effect other aspects of their lives			I feel like this would just cause people to return the hit and not go through with participating and that will waste their time
A34DW7VIU89YW8	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRPOB12	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	181	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no										
A34FJBQDKVH8SR	3YHH42UU5BGJPJNVLGYQF386YRW0LB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	697	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	This experiment appears to be too intrusive and deceptive.									
A34GJ8QFDXYUJU	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6JL973	NoAdvertising	494	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Great experiment.							Not actually stealing the pw.	Theyre still giving out there real pw.	If there in no real risk I don't see a reason not to allow it.
A34JG5YYW98V22	3WJEQKOXA8320PH9K8D0KUB59AN1AN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	13945	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A34M4YOAP71C5A	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6KMYJY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes		It's just wrong				No harm being done	Tampering with their posts and what they want people to see			
A34NDXO56MBC3D	33M4IA01QG22P7OJTCKTAT4GEU6XR1	Control	1208	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
A34QARS9MSTJ08	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3XHS6R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2338	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
A34RDN5BQG5MX2	3DBQWDE4Y6Z88QCHUZKH9Q8MKWX5NX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	394	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A34RKUEB75HQ65	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOM74YM	Control	2276	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	It would be a good way to gather the information without having them reveal any information identifying themselves.	Facebook provides a free service. I wouldn't appreciate missing posts, but I expect online non-pay services to have ulterior motives.			I don't see the danger in allowing the study to occur.	It would not lead to the collection of personal information.	I don't think this experiment is unethical.	The study presents the opportunity for abuse, even if it is not the intent.	I would not wan them to be fooled, and I want not want them to expose their personal information.	
A34V9IPK25K9PW	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN849KJJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	607	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes			Useful information to prevent hacking in the future could be procurred	As long as students are notified to change their passwords afterwards and their information is not used maliciously				If they are susceptible to these tricks, they should learn that in a safe environment	I would need more information about previous research done to feel safe condoning this for a friend	
A34X76H88ZIZ21	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6RN1FP	UnnamedCompany	439	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	it's not safe or controlled 	There is no harm to be done	People might feel like their privacy is being infringed upon since they were not notified up front				It would be good to find out how they are effected by the experiment.			
A34YD9P7KI4RF	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJJSG5F	WithoutImprovingProduct	727	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	They should use caution as to what information they are allowed to gather.	I don't see it as very scientific.	There's plenty of information out there to prevent this.	It's already been researched.	It is a valid request.		I don't get why they would randomly exclude some posts.	They wouldn't fall for it.	People are aware of this practice. 	It might make them more aware of the warning signs for this activity.
A34ZKQK6HJS82H	3A1PQ49WVHIHACPNQENS1GY9M75H1A	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1084	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think the researchers should notify the participants after they visit the store to make a purchase. I don't see how they would compromise the study after the fact.	It is a harmless study.	There seems to be no real threat. The results of the study would help people in the future.	Yes. I also think they should offer some compensation to the people involved.	There is no real risk to this experiment so I think it should be performed. 	It is up to the loved one.	There is no real risk to this experiment, therefore my loved one could decide for themselves whether they wanted to participate.	It is up to my loved one to participate. There seems to be no real threat.	There really isn't a threat in this situation, but it could cause some anxious feelings, so it would be up to the loved one to decide.	It poses no real risk, so it's up to the person I cared about to decide what they wanted to do. 
A34ZUVAQXSJNO1	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19XV4PDZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1226	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	i think the study would be beneficial to the research	if it helps facebook researchers and makes facebook better then go for it	it should be encouraged and i think there should be more of this type of research	i think they should be encouraged to do this, i can see only good results	i think it would be a good way to test out security procedures	again, i think its harmless and would be helpful with these spammers	the people i know wouldn't be bothered by this, so i say do it	this can only help internet security, its a good thing and its harmless	i think its good to do this, helps people learn about the phishing problem and it seems harmless	i see no reason not to. it seems harmless and helpful
A3541Z048VSMFV	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU46RWPM	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	499	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	There is no notification that I can see of the study, and they are collecting payment information from subjects. 	I would want to be notified at the conclusion of the experiment that the study had been taking place, just as with HITs. 			The researchers need to be sure to present transparent information at the conclusion of the experiment. 	I feel like subjects would have no knowledge of being studied in this research. 	Yes, but with caution - I want to make sure in the user agreement it states that Facebook users may be used for studies without their knowledge. 	There is transparency at the end, and maybe it would encourage subjects to be more cautious in the future. 	I would hope that students who fall prey to this would learn to avoid phishing scams in the future. 	I think that because the subject signed up to allow researchers to work on/with them, they should not be surprised by some deception when it comes to the nature of the experiment. It is common in HITs. 
A35AH1BC14ZP2J	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOXZM7DU	WithoutPublication	503	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent									I am a bit confused about the participation. 	
A35AL43H4CO81G	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0QST7R	Control	385	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A35BQPABKN4Q8C	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZBBW3O	Control	3108	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A35IMPTI2U7XGC	3IAS3U3I0FHE8K4X9QDAKO5GJZE2BU	Twitter	13192	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	No tampering with the computers please.		No tampering with the computers please.	Its fine as long as it is the property of the university and no harm comes to study participants.	This could cause someone to tweak a computer that does not need tweaking, possible loss of data and such.	No tampering with the computers please.		No tampering with the computers please.	Its fine as long as it is the property of the university and no harm comes to study participants.	This could cause someone to tweak a computer that does not need tweaking, possible loss of data and such.
A35KO5LPASBFI9	3YOH7BII098OYE6T3DAELWLH3PSKVC	Twitter	231	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A35MIKJBJ6BXSS	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9UHHPBV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	461	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes									If it prevents phishing scams in the future why not 	
A35NBUVLJDU499	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49ALORFA	NoAdvertising	4597	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no										
A35O4961A1B9DX	3ZR9AIQJUBANRBGAFOZ9TM6VC8G043	NoAdvertising	780	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Researchers should use the utmost caution to make sure they can stay one step ahead of the spammers and the codes they are using.	The benefit of the results seems negligible at best and not worth the expense of the users they are experimenting on		Extra care should be used to make sure that all the risk has been examined and eliminated					the risk seems minimal to non-existent 	
A35P22GV2WT90K	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUHJV17	InsertPosts	249	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes				It will give them a good idea of how liberal people really are with their personal info					Yes because I would want to see who would fall for it	
A35QNLVSKS21BI	3RRCEFRB7MDOBYJKD4WYD32E3B84BM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	684	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes		Just because a person sees a positive doesn't mean they are going to post a positive status.				If the participant thinks that the link is spam they may not click	People on facebook don't want to read irrelevant post			
A35R4APHZXD833	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0LZ8ID	Control	339	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes							dumb study...		help with cutting out phishing emails	would help out with the security warnings and prevent it
A35RGUQZRI1Q3M	3WJEQKOXA8320PH9K8D0KUB59AQ1AQ	InsertPosts	2023	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	As long as personal information is not collected, there is nothing compromising about this study.	There is nothing compromising about this study.	If no passwords are collected, participants will not question the legitimacy of the study.	Some people may not like having their passwords known by the researchers, so the researchers should be sure to explain to students that their accounts will not be compromised and that they can change their passwords if they wish.	There is nothing compromising about this study.	I wouldn't mind if they were included or if they weren't included.	I wouldn't mind if they were included or if they weren't included.	I wouldn't mind if they were included or if they weren't included.	I wouldn't mind if they were included or if they weren't included.	I wouldn't mind if they were included or if they weren't included.
A35TTZLWEA1OOF	3MH9DQ757WDJJDLA8WFURIR5IZBGUL	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	713	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Since there is no consent or awareness to the one being experimented, I think it is unethical. Hence, I am kinda separated between the two.		I think it is immoral.	If we are to tolerate this, someone might abuse it. Also, criminals might take advantage of this.	Criminals might take advantage of this by acting as a researcher. if we tolerate this Researching with deception should not be allowed.	The participant should have a right to inform. Or otherwise, devise a new way to experiment.		Again, it's like fooling the participant. Participant should have a right to information.		
A35UCK40SNGJMJ	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUKM5ZF	WithoutPublication	276	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
A35V1ZWMPU01TU	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21AJM3B	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	388	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I'm not sure if this is necessary	It would be interesting to see if other peoples' moods affect others.		I believe results of this experiment could help prevent phishing	Yes I believe the results are noteworthy					
A35ZO29QINGYDM	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PMT0D2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	642	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent		it seems a little like an invasion of privacy				the person involved in the experiment isn't harmed and they will remain anonymous.	they may actually be less depressed as a result of the experiment.	they will become aware of situations where their information can be stolen and they will hopefully be able to avoid similar situations in the future	it will make the person more aware of what phishing is and how to avoid being scammed in the future	the candidates remain anonymous and aren't affected by the research at all.
A35ZVO654GOBP5	3PWWM24LHSZV6M6Q6ET0TMFFBU828C	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	341	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A3634EWN5B6GL4	3WS1NTTKEYDXPRDZZ5VSKQ3M1VVF06	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	373	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes						It'd be interesting to see how the react. Seems benign enough.		It is harmless and might be educational to those involved.	Using hypothetical stuff is one thing. Using people's actual stuff is another.	
A363H2EKG4U5IJ	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKOYH9Y	InsertPosts	4526	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										It would not harm them
A36470UBRH28GO	36H9ULYP62V4RXELLD5Y2VII04AJFQ	Twitter	5336	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	No personal information is being recorded, however, when financial information is in any way involved, the situation is precarious.	Researchers are not allowing the individuals to convey an accurate profile of themselves.  They are manipulating a person's emotions/personality/character.  The results would be inauthentic.	Not enough information about time frame, accounts creation and password.	It is, objectively speaking, a privacy violation.  If students signed a consent prior to the experiment, then I would advocate it.	Increased security it important to me. I am not giving out any personal or valuable information, just information that will protect those things.	I think this research is good and valid, but I couldn't say how others would feel	I would like to know the full spectrum of my friends emotions.  I believe all are valid and legitimate and give me an accurate sense of what is going on with them and how they are feeling.	Not enough information about account creation and password being associated with it, and what length of time the user thinks that it is valid.	It violates their privacy.	There is no real violation or threat, and it would be explained, and for the greater good, with no lasting consequences.  I believe thy would want to be included.
A364OUAXP7PC9K	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0FZGOO	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes		I dont see that it will hurt anyone					I would find this study interesting. I also think moods are affected by others. 			
A3680PGDSSKAPB	3HSYG7LRBJZAI3CH49W7JNA0NY8KKR	InsertPosts	1017	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think participants should be debriefed afterwards.	I believe participants should be debriefed.		The fact that passwords are being verified seems like a big security issue to me.		No personal information is being recorded so I see no problem with participating.	As long as personal information is not being collected from their profile I see no problem with participating.	I'm a little wary of the password aspect even if they are not collected, other than than I see no problem in participating.		As long as no harm is being done I see no problem in participating.
A3686F7FN39MF1	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8XF8VE	WithoutImprovingProduct	1122	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I believe that even with the best of intentions, reworking or otherwise resending the spam original sent to the "Test Computer". Might result in unwanted back doors opening on computer recipients of the "Reworked Spam". This could result in even more dangerous viruses or worse. I'm not a computer expert, but it just sounds dangerous. I wonder if the study could be conducted differently. An online survey perhaps, or consumer reports of websites that use spam or extracting the information another way. Again I'm no scientist or expert. These are just my opinions. How you continue from here is up to you.	I think that purposefully manipulating someone private and personal facebook posts is dangerous and unethical territory to tread on. It should be done with full consent of the participating party at least, however that would more than likely taint the results. Hrrmmm. This is a hard on folks. 	I think studies designed to cause no harm to the subject, and end result in either better security or more well made designs for recognizing attacks via the internet. Then I'm all for it. As long as the study is conducted well, and uses at least one computer expert to make sure that no one is at risk, nothing is being sent out over the internet, and that the results aren't tainted.	For the same reasons I gave to the question previous to this one.						
A36CA84QRHPL2Z	3U088ZLJVKUZ0DZUPU5SOEPMW74W0M	NoAdvertising	276	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent									Under NO circumstances you should not give out your password to anybody.	
A36DRD8169BORH	3A1COHJ8NJWZLC98PZW7GQLH08W8HW	InsertPosts	1407	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	please see above	I think there are people on facebook who may be more vulnerable to getting persuaded by negative p[osts.	I think it would be useful in preventing further password stealing as long as participants are informed after	As long as participants are made aware of the findings I think it could help users learn about phisihng and teach researchers ways that could help people become less susceptible.	As long as participants are made aware after, I think it would be useful to see what security warnings work and what ones dont work	I wouldnt want to encourage people to respond to unsolicited emails as it could affect them down the road with regards to identity theft	I have no preference.  I have a pretty good group I surround myself with and I truly dont see how more negative or positive posts would affect their mood.	I think the research would be useful for the research itself to help stop this and since the do inform participants after it would also be a learning tool for those who gave up their passwords	I think it would be a useful learning tool.	I think it would be useful to see what security warnings work
A36HF53IV3DWTS	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155OH3GU	InsertPosts	270	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A36KE97IOQINHY	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSSX02G	Twitter	913	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	no										
A36LK4O3PRDV0O	3J88R45B2GZHDU84GKG45Y41DCRPXA	UnnamedCompany	158	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A36LOA6VLJU157	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUJO1VM	NoAdvertising	1070	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A36M4IFAK3R74C	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT02YIH	NoAdvertising	737	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				It's a good warning to people about not giving out your personal information.	It seems like a worthwhile experiment.					
A36MRQBG3LDR7I	3R2UR8A0IAHZSUW31K3PGYZB3CCXOS	Control	327	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A36MTY8RSWBZU7	3NPFYT4IZC5B0HF5D1QHBPQ9CH5GXQ	Control	531	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	It is something that really needs to be studied.	I want to see all my feeds.	This is research that needs to be done.	This type of activity needs to be tracked to better understand how to warn against it.	They need to know how best to use effective security warnings.	This is an important study.	I really don't want facebook messing with the feeds.	This is research that needs to be done.	I would think this would be  a good thing as long as the explanation came with a warning of what not to do.	It is a typical experiment where deception has to occur.
A36OAUG7S8IM35	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RGYZVBP	WithoutImprovingProduct	873	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	its a very helpful data to know the process of how it goes	there are no definite reason to do so	we need data to acknowledge that this things do exist	phishing is so new today that we dont have any data to confirm the extent damage it has given to individuals and to private corporations	it help us secure our computer more and make recommendations to avoid this kind of security warnings	this will help a lot for those fall victim of this email spam	this are personal interaction to your closest relationship	it is better to know and learn the extent of this happening everyday	this is the most recent way of getting your private info so it should be stop	
A36OBXVHAWK3IW	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XXYQ1TO	UnnamedCompany	676	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Only with explicit informed consent.	It's valuable research but people are worried about privacy a lot more these days.				I already know Facebook did this experiment so I would be worried that other sites or "researchers" would not give informed consent. 	It's their choice. 		
A36S7ZMR9XTUC4	3LO69W1SU3EG0NYGZINT0VVM5F3GLQ	Twitter	729	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	Yes again as long as they remove the spam software once the experiment is completed.			I suppose it would be ok if the participants agreed to it.		As long as the spam software is successfully removed from the computer after the experiment I see no reason why they shouldn't participate.	I see no harm in participating in such an experiment.	This is too deceptive, I would not want anyone I care about to agree to this.	How could they be sure their information would remain confidential and not be used for some other purpose?	Since there is no real security risk, I see no harm in participating in this experiment.
A36T25VUSZLIFO	3LRLIPTPEQA46Q3VSIJIP974IM2KA0	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	625	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A36TGPTQWRU1B4	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C5Q50U	WithoutImprovingProduct	635	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent		People expect Facebook to be impartial and not be performing experiments on them. 	Need to make sure there is no way for the passwords to be stored	I would not trust my university with my passwords to banks or other accounts / websites.  Especially not without my permission. 						I don't think most people would mind this experiment
A36TWX2ERHAVET	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3RA0N1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	644	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	It's the only way to study spam effectively.	I don't know. 	It's the best way to study it.		It could help improve operating system security. 	There isn't any real risk to them so it doesn't really matter.	I wouldn't like their status update posts to be excluded. 	It might make them more careful in the future.		No real risk to them in any way and somewhat mundane. 
A36UFTJVDUZCT1	3R6BYFZZP7D5MHJA2HKZT4QXB4PFXE	UnnamedCompany	382	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent							I don't think the experiment is harmful at all	Potential to have their passwords exposed if the researchers do not handle the experiment properly	Their password would be exposed and verified. I don't think that's safe for them	
A36VA1TSX3RYED	3SKRO2GZ71S8C2QVWZQPE8E1EJK1KZ	Twitter	305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A36WJTJ9VIOKRK	3IAS3U3I0FHE8K4X9QDAKO5GJZNB2C	WithoutPublication	396	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no										
A36XUKLIKXDML0	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MY6CZM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	504	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	As long as their not causing harm, it should be okay	Why not?	Seems fine but being cautious is always good		Be cautious about anonymity, otherwise seems harmless	I don't think its that big of a deal.	It doesn't really matter	Seems pretty harmless		Seems fine
A36ZFK6CD1CNON	3IQ1VMJRYTLKPUK4OLSTZ0TO7OC9A9	WithoutImprovingProduct	790	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent										
A36ZLJPURT0ILP	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6J82BTY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2633	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	Seeing how successful spam emails are doesn't seem harmful to me.	See no harm here.	They can find another way.	You don't know what's research and what's harmful.	People tend to lie so they have to do this at times for authenticity.	Don't see ant harm here.	See no harm here.	Sending test like this doesn't let you know the tests from the real hackers.	Would not want their password compromised. 	Deception for the purpose of a study of this type seems reasonable.
A370ATVPP1GHPR	3GNA64GUZE5TBNP9ARCYDK3RP54Q5L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	6838	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	They should at least inform the people after the fact, so they aren't left in the dark.	While relatively harmless, it doesn't seem ethical.	Just as long as the passwords are completely deleted to make sure nothing bad happens. 	I think it's important research, but it might encourage some people to actually do it in real life if they find the results.	It seems like a harmless but important experiment.	It sounds like an inconvenience and wouldn't want a friend to have to deal with that.	It doesn't seem fair to tinker with something that someone believes is private.	It is harmless and would raise awareness.	I would be interested in how they responded to the attack.	It sounds harmless and might raise awareness.
A375BI4NY86XIH	3TVSS0C0E110GMWLNWT28PRRTMITWK	WithoutPublication	484	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes					Some people may feel violated.		I would be interested to see if their posts and mood were influenced by what he or she sees on facebook.		Phishing, whether for a scientific purpose or not, is a violation of privacy.	I would prefer my loved ones to ensure they protect their computers from viruses, trojans and malware.
A375ULPGXB54IQ	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8TJUT8	InsertPosts	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	This violates no ethical standards.		It's imperative that they make sure no passwords are actually recorded.	This seems to collect too much in the way of personal info.		This is useful research, and there is no genuine harm.	This is interesting research, and there's no risk of genuine harm.	It's useful and might teach them an important lesson.	This seems too run a little too close to personal information.	It's a good study, and the results could be genuinely helpful.
A3761TN7D10DWB	3C6FJU71TQUJ546A2210YIY9NXSYUW	Twitter	389	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		It seems like an interesting but harmless study. 		The fact that these are students, and that fake use of their friends is involved seems a little risky. Students might get upset. 				There is no harm in the experiment, so I wouldn't mind someone I cared about was involved. 		
A3774HPOUKYTX7	3QJOXOW4XJS2MRKATZYK05PZS0XMES	UnnamedCompany	329	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Yes, they have good intentions.	Yes, they are always looking for ways to better target ads. I see no harm,	Yes, it would be great to help.			sure, if it means catching a bad guy or two, there's no reason not to participate.	You have to understand that if you use a free service, YOU are the product, so it just makes sense. There's no reason not to participate.	Anything to help catch a bad guy.		
A377MNK9FNU8P9	3SLE99ER0NE4EV79YXMO7ZFN486BZ4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	158	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A37A2V53DNJMQQ	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IR0ZOOQ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	779	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	It seems like it has a number of mechanical parts that will need to be managed carefully for data contamination. Not informing anyone is a problem.	I don't think Facebook should be manipulating my feed in the first place. I am morally opposed to being a research subject without my consent.	Finding a situation that mirrors the password situation might be hard.	There should be an opt-in, even if it's a mass link from the university. Maybe offer a gift card draw to get people to sign up.	At the end, the researchers inform the volunteers of their true purpose and reassure them they were at no real risk.	This seems like a worthy research topic. I am concerned that the purchasers never learn they were spam targeted. I am also concerned that spammers never learn about being subjects.	There's no opt in. Being a research subject without informed consent is not okay, even if the goal is "positive". 	This seems like it meets opt-in as well as consent, even though it involves deception.	I dislike that there's no opt in, but this study seems designed to minimize harm. I would still feel betrayed.	It has no real risk to the person involved, but people have volunteered to do the study.
A37AFEI5FXMY8D	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMP0QE09	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	7376	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A37BPJ31SLHAC	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48KV2UL	UnnamedCompany	649	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A37BU4T906EXCT	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7H3H83S	NoAdvertising	12598	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	no	It is starting to be unethical with how deceptive the experiment actually is.	It would be too easy for the test to be compromised by someone looking at someone else's Facebook and realize something was up.	The people are consenting to participate.	They are working on behalf of the university, there shouldn't be any problem	People are consenting to be a participant.	If I wanted a product, I would be pretty mad if I thought I ordered it when I didn't.	I never really check Facebook anyways.	If I was getting paid for it, I would have no problem.	I just wouldn't want to put the time into it for free.	I would back out of the study, and return the hit.
A37ECOJBARCWZP	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZH12KP2	WithoutImprovingProduct	1178	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes					There is no harm to come of it.		It includes censorship without the participants knowledge.	I think it would teach the participants a valuable lesson.	It is too much of an invasion of privacy on several levels.	I would see no reason for them to opt out of the experiment because there is no presented risk by participating.
A37FQI6S9XARBT	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7J6LR9	WithoutPublication	304	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			because in the long run it will help people 					BECAUSE IT WILL THEM BE more vigilant of a real hacker and this wont hurt them 		
A37G2VOLNDRMQD	3EA3QWIZ4IWIFRCGYFPN7YIJE2QITQ	NoAdvertising	357	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no		Regardless of whether it would skew the results, people have to know that their is a possibility that they could be a in a study. 	I don't think people should go through these types of studies, especially if they feel that their personal data is at risk.	Again, fooling people into divulging information is not the way to determine your data. 						
A37GOGQDYDT44K	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WBKEG5	Control	633	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A37GQXF73LJ5H4	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW8215X2Z	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A37GUFW4K6A1C8	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TB1Z9Q7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	691	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes										
A37HUVPAJTNSGT	3OONKJ5DKCKSFRT2WOB7R18JK0ZBOQ	UnnamedCompany	1515	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent								To teach them to be more careful on the internet.	It might make them more aware and allow them to be more careful on the internet.	
A37I58C4258IPX	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA93L426	NoAdvertising	11804	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	I would simply want to make sure that a protocol exists for when users do click through to generate a "purchase", whereby at first perhaps after trying to purchase they get a timeout notice, and then repeated arrivals from that person result in no connection at all.	I wouldn't approve a survey I wouldn't want to be a participant in. This fits that criteria.	I would not feel comfortable with acquiring passwords, mostly because there's too much room for malfeasance.	That passwords would be checked for validity seems like a gross invasion of privacy.	I would want to know when the security warning is generated. It can't be browser warnings without interfering with web content that may be copyrighted. 	The methodology and means of the survey seem pretty benign. Especially with keeping the folks who respond to the spam anonymous, it seems fairly harmless.	This experiment--manipulating news feeds--seems like a violation of at least the spirit with which users sign on with facebook	The collecting of passwords, even if not saved, is troubling.	The use of valid passwords in this study makes it not something I'd want anyone I cared about involved.	It seems harmless enough, although the security warning is likely to look like those generated by malware and trojan horses.
A37K65ONO82T6Y	3F6KKYWMNB23C3RA952072WEXK5NDB	NoAdvertising	1789	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The fact that the receivers of the spam will not be informed makes the study seem somewhat dishonest. However, I think that it would turn up some very important results.	I think that the researchers should be able to proceed with this experiment, but they should make sure to that they have permission from all candidates.	I think it is an important study and that it needs to be done.	Passwords are very private and the experimenters should take extreme caution.		I hate spam and would appreciate any efforts to minimize it.		I think this is a very important study. I think that it would be beneficial for anyone to participate in this survey.	If it helps stop phishing then it is a good study.	I think this is an important study.
A37LMTGP9S8IE8	31IBVUNM9S0DISEF22JH5JTCVUVVF7	Twitter	2000	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Spam is such a huge problem on the Internet, collecting data and looking for ways to stop it is a good idea.	I don't like this one. 'Producing features to protect the mood of psychologically vulnerable users?" No, no and no. First of all, it doesn't take research to know that too many people, whether psychologically vulnerable or not, are too influenced by what other people say and do. So I don't see how you're going to sort the  so-called 'vulnerable'(what does that even mean?) from the not vulnerable. Sounds like a sure path to shoving more government down our throats.	Without the research, hackers will always win.	I think this one is a waste of time and money. 	Nobody's in any real danger, so why not?	They'd make just as good a candidate as I do.	I'd just leave it up to the person to decide for themselves on this one. 	They would add to the data for research purposes in addition they might even learn how they can keep their own computer secure.	I just think this is a research project that doesn't have to be conducted. 	Because they'd make a good subject and can be honest and thorough in their assessments
A37M65BM1T8Y9W	3KAKFY4PGU3DGAEMJ0JWPLELK2C3IR	Twitter	1008	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	While this seems fairly innocent (everyone gets spam anyway so it's not like they're really doing anyone any harm) it just seems like involving people in your research without their consent is not the best way to proceed.	The people did not consent to be part of an experiment, and it seems wrong to manipulate them emotionally without their knowledge. What if someone who was already at risk (i.e. depressed) was made to feel more depressed artificially? That just seems wrong.	They would need to be careful that the passwords were not ever actually collected or stored, even for a very short time.	Going on to people's Facebook accounts, even though it is technically public information, seems invasive, when done without their permission.	The people are already consenting to be part of an experiment, and of course there has to be some deception in order to get people to act naturally. I think this is a good experiment.	Again it seems wrong to involve someone in a study when they have not consented to do so, although this one doesn't seem as invasive as the Facebook one.	Getting information off of people's Twitter accounts and changing their feeds without their permission seems too creepy, even if it's posted publicly.	It's unclear from the description but it seems to imply that people would be voluntarily participating in a study, so I think that would be okay, as long as the researchers were very careful with the password information (which the description says they would be).	It doesn't seem right to do this experiment without their permission, especially since it involves going onto the person's Facebook account.	This seems like a harmless study that would result in good information.
A37MP8TJI0Y60N	32SCWG5HIH54UFO8FX7E5LRHG7W6PZ	WithoutImprovingProduct	1227	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	I wasn't aware that doing what this project suggest was possible (to basically take over a spammer's work without the spammer becoming aware). However, if it is is certainly isn't hurting anyone (although it isn't directly helping anyone either).	Since researchers would not be prohibiting the participant from viewing friends' posts (only removing them from the easily accessible newsfeed), I see minimal down sides and the up side of completing such research seems to merit this minimal risk.	I'd want to be absolutely sure the researchers were not saving the information they received. It would be easy for it to be abused if anyone in the research team was manipulated to leak that info to real hackers or their associates.	The researchers should be supervised in such a way as to make impossible their using the students' correct password info to view or alter anything within the students' university accounts. The students involved in the study should also be walked through the process of changing their password after the study to protect them in the future and further ensure the researchers could not abuse the intel gained.	This seems beneficial and minimally risky for participants.	To maintain integrity to the goal of the study and to avoid influencing participants's actions, researchers can't inform participants that they're being taken advantage of - I'd prefer those I care about are not taken advantage of at all. However, if their gullibility can further science, they might as well be unaware participants.	The harm to them is minimal - a potential mood shift. This study is interesting and if the hypothesis on which it's based is proven true, it would align with broader psychological research showing we catch moods from others.	I want those I care about to be safe, and participating would either serve as an enforcement of their savvy-ness or as a warning to help them avoid future pitfalls.	I want those I care about to be safe online. Being a part of this research would reveal whether or not they knew how to recognize a phisher, and if they were previously unaware, they would be made aware and thus protected from future assaults. The risk of being a participant appears minimal, so long as the researchers didn't use the login/password info they gained from gullible participants to alter the students' information/acocunts.	The temporary deceit and the emotional affect it may have on participants is a minimal and worthwhile risk in pursuit of more effective security warnings.
A37O0SIEH3MNXM	37U1UTWH9VNCA6NBL481UUNNNQJ8R0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	410	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A37O5Y035BEUXD	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRTL1BX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	263	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A37P04C2DUCI92	35DR22AR5DLA653HIMJXSV108IE3XV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	3606	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	The researchers themselves are spamming, using their own computer to do so, and they are spoofing a retailer's website.  	" . . . the researchers will not be able to produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users."\r\n\r\nLOL, controlling the moods of Facebook users?  Hope the "researchers" are kidding.  If not, please tell me they are not given public money for their social engineering efforts.	No.  The researchers want to know the percentage of internet users who are deceived by hackers into typing their passwords, and they want to use AMT workers to measure how often internet users are victims of hackers who use internet users passwords.  The researchers say they they would not be able to produce and publish recommendations to help internet users better recognize such "such attacks", but the reality is, the researchers could produce and publish recommendations based on data gained from reports made by internet users who have had passwords stolen by hackers. Surely, there is plenty of data already available, freely and knowingly given by people who have had their passwords stolen at hacked websites and spoofed websites. 	One thing I would want the researchers to do is debrief the AMT workers who attempt to exit when they see the security warnings (rather than just debrief at the end of the experiment, which I assume would require the AMT worker to continue through the study, in spite of what appear to be security warnings.	Provided the researchers debrief workers who attempt to exit due to the security warnings, rather than just those who complete the study, which assume requires continuing in spite of the security warnings.			After giving the researchers their passwords, they would have to go to the trouble of changing all of their passwords. Hackers could read the results of the researchers studies, and use it to their advantage.		
A37V0BEG3IOBVY	3A4TN5196KJ1XFZL6BCCICH0Q8IHCU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	479	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A37WXDYYT7RCZ0	3LWJHTCVCCNLDKIYG3P7ZWU4E2BFQS	InsertPosts	1439	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A37X7PY50US90Z	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ53AV07C	UnnamedCompany	455	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes		It sounds like a valid study.	There should be a warning in the beginning that it could cause distress.	Same as above.	They do need to be sure to clearly explain the purpose at the conclusion, as indicated in the text above.	A virus or spam can be inadvertently passed.	They are not in danger.	It would probably provide useful data.	They should not be able to involuntarily obtain passwords.	They are not at risk.
A37ZJ9A9RIQ6TN	3E47SOBEYQX1TAA5CTUXIOIFQC1CI4	Twitter	439	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A380KC4ALAGUNM	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6J173U	NoAdvertising	547	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A380V7E6PXX96Y	3I3WADAZ9Q5QQBCTVEKUOF8RA6Z5O9	WithoutPublication	587	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes			It should be independently verified that no passwords have been stored. 	I think that given the researchers access to the university's stored passwords even if it is just to verify them is too much information to disclose. 		I would not have any problem if myself or a loved one were a part of this study. It does not collect personal information so I would not mind participating. 	I do not think that researchers should manipulate the news feed in any way. 	They are not storing passwords and informing the participants after the study could allow them to learn from their mistakes. 		I believe that informing the participants after the study will give them an opportunity to learn from their mistakes. 
A381Q83M9N05AR	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FN7SZXR	Control	282	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes										
A381R24ULOH4U9	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D17X3LY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	169	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent		This could be detrimental to people			seems okay		It seems harmless			It's at their discretion
A382OV019QLW6H	3OWEPKL089DNVUQ0ISZE7AMIB01N7Z	NoAdvertising	745	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	this is no different than regular spam, it's just being monitored.	People gave up their rights when they signed up for facebook, so, it's up to facebook and it's users, not me.	The data will be useless because Mturk users do not represent the general computer user and there is no way to take the "u've already wasted 20 minutes of my time and I'm going to give u anything to get paid" factor out of it. AND, how do the researchers know they actually got an actual password??	using a "friend" like that is inherently wrong.	this could actually be helpful research in preventing future security issues.	this is no different than regular spam, it's just being monitored.			it is unethical to masquerade as a "friend" like that and then , basically, implicate the friend in a ruse.	sounds like good training in security
A384DW1A7HI9Z7	3X4JMASXCMA7CA1JU39W10C1MZ40BE	NoAdvertising	817	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	If they can get IRB approval, yes. But I don't see that happening.	If they receive IRB approval, then yes. (Does Facebook even have an IRB?) But I don't see that happening.	If it is approved by the IRB, yes. But I don't see that happening.	I'm pretty sure the IRB requires prior consent.	If the experiment gets IRB approval, yes. But I don't see that happening.	IRB requires some sort of prior consent. One can still extract consent while being somewhat vague about the experiment.	IRB requires some sort of prior consent. One can still extract consent while being somewhat vague about the experiment.	I'm pretty sure the IRB requires prior consent.	One has to sign consent forms beforehand.	IRB requires some sort of prior consent. One can still extract consent while being somewhat vague about the experiment.
A385B4WV38BUWF	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0LY7T1	Twitter	194	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A3862RIFFUV141	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG4925WQ5	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	13683	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I suppose it is a legitimate study and if participants are willing to be a part of this study I suppose it's fine but it seems a bit personal.					I wouldn't want my positive posts removed from their feed nor would I want to be in an experiment like this myself so I would not want someone I cared about to do this.			
A38ALUDYWISSFE	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U70AVZI	NoAdvertising	253	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A38EHOL0U2BTV0	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4FP0AL	Control	2270	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
A38GK33NFSSS3Y	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKB6CU2	UnnamedCompany	1041	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	no	no	yes	yes	no	it is important research, i would be ok with it if they informed the infected people	it might make people depressed	to see how it works	it needs to be done		i would want them to be notified so they can change their behavior	it might make people jealous or depressed when they see how great their friends are doing. Or it might make them feel bad for their friends.	so they can learn to be more careful 	so they can be more cautious online	what kind of security risk? is it going to traumatize them?
A38GREH10CSFAG	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVP2KIP	UnnamedCompany	969	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	You don't mention a plan to debrief the participants.	Manipulating emotions should be handled very carefully. Because the researchers do not plan to debrief/follow up with participants, they can not be sure the participants were not negatively affected by being in this experiment.	Again, the benefits outweigh the risks. And, the researchers plan to debrief the participants so they will learn everything they need to know following their participation.	Because their password would be revealed, which is likely the same password they use for multiple websites. The researchers need to take extra caution so as to not have access to those passwords.	The participants will remain anonymous, and they will be debriefed following participation.	The participant believed they were making a purchase and the researchers have changed that process, without the participant knowing.		The benefits of the experiment outweigh the risks. The person won't actually be hacked so why not participate?	Because their password would be revealed, which is likely the same password they use for multiple websites.	There is no potential for harm to the participant.
A38HCU1O9OS0C5	34PGFRQONOC62J0GB2FY6J4IVFUJWY	UnnamedCompany	868	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	no	Spam is a big issue these days.  It would be good if we could learn more about it and its economic impact.	I don't like the idea of certain posts being suppressed.	There's no harm to the participant and it's a worthwhile topic.	There's no real risk and it's a worthwhile issue to review.	While it is important to study the effectiveness of these warnings, I know people get very anxious over those warnings.	I don't think it's a big thing either way.  The person might be disappointed that they never got the thing they purchased, but that's not really much of a loss to suffer.	I don't think people's friends Facebook posts should be suppressed for the sake of an experiment.	I don't think there's any risk to the participant.	I don't feel there's any legitimate risk to anyone here.	Some people get really panicky when they get those security warnings and do not known how to react to them.
A38INNIKG2IKR4	31QTRG6Q2TE6DZYELG26OCBAFGKYPK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	642	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A38L2NSTZFH9VK	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23J2GW8	WithoutPublication	965	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	i still feel that anyone who participates in a research study should have a full working knowledge of the study...	again, we should all be made aware that we are participating in a study of some kind..	we are supposed to just take them at their word that no information was actually stolen??	i wonder if there was a way to make sure folks were aware they were in a study without ruining the anonymity of the study, if that makes any sense...?	again, i still feel that research study participants should be made aware of what they are participating in...	it does not appear to speak directly to the manipulation of a human's emotions	again, it's seems to prey on human beings' vulnerabilities...	i just don't trust anyone through mturk...no offense...	i feel that would be preying on someone's possibly vulnerability...sorta like what facebook just did with the experiment regarding happy news feeds and sad news feeds...it was conducted without anyone's consent.	this does not appear to be a study that would make someone feel violated or vulnerable...
A38LJJJSO8UVZR	32ZKVD547FO3T20GDQRF3YA8PE23BW	Twitter	1256	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent	There really ought to be a disclosure at the end of the study and researcher contact info. Perhaps a debriefing that warns them of how stupidly dangerous going to spammer sites can be for their personal information and fiscal information as well so their is a benefit to having participated. 	As above, validity of findings would be questionable at best due to operationalization of mood, the researchers "manipulate" users' moods without permission/consent of participants, they control flow of information that users receive without users being aware...no, this whole thing, just no. Unethical.  	Provide participants the option of having their data withdrawn in case they are offended by the deception.	As above, This is just unethical. Unless they signed up as a participant and had given some form of consent for researchers to go snooping through social media and personal information, this is unethical.  	I see no ethical violation, but people are sensitive and get offended easily. The deception may set someone into nerd-rage. 	Not informing the participants at the end of the study that they were indeed participants is an ethical violation, and the IRB would not approve. This is not a field observation, nor is it secondary data. The participants need to be informed of their participation and be given the option to withdraw their data from the study. However, if anyone was actually retarded enough to click on a spammer link and tried to buy stuff from a spammer sight, well, they're too dumb to be considered human, and don't qualify for human subjects protections.  	Twitter is going to decide which posts clients are allowed to see? That isn't ethical. Although they may own the form of social media, to decide what persons can and cannot see that their network of friends are posting is unethical. Plus, the researchers' dependent variable, negative/positive posts is not indicative of positive/negative mood. I say some snarky ass shit in my posts even when I'm in a great mood. The findings wouldn't be valid, the researchers manipulate peoples' moods without permission/consent of participants, they control flow of information that users receive without users being aware...no, this whole thing, just no. Unethical.  	I see no violation of subjects' rights. 	Using their Facebook or other social media to find out who their friends are, and then sending bogus e-mails from their friends is violating privacy, and is deceptive. This is just unethical. Unless they signed up as a participant and had given some form of consent for researchers to go snooping through social media and personal information, this is unethical.  	I see no ethical violation here. 
A38NRTPI13PMMK	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0E1I802	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	513	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		seems like a silly and unnecessary study		there should be a strict ethic standard and supervision					that's their decision	that's their decision
A38O0C60LHXG5P	3OVR4I9USPKBF4L9WMTO8SXDPELQ42	WithoutImprovingProduct	1024	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	As I said before, there's really not enough information, but according to the information provided, I am leaning towards "no".	I know it would help research, but this sounds like it would be crossing a line that I'm not sure should be crossed.	I think it's important to maintain people's privacy.	It is much too invasive.	Be careful with people's privacy. :-)	I think there are some loose ends to tie up. A lot of the experiment wasn't explained. I wouldn't want anyone's debit or credit card information to be taken or seen by these researchers. The whole thing doesn't set well with me because it's very deceitful.	This doesn't set well because the people in the study would have no control over their newsfeed. I think this is something that needs to remain more private.	I don't think I would mind as long as they were informed after the fact and no passwords would be kept or noted at all.	I don't like how much this would encroach upon privacy of the participants.	It sounds fine as long as you do what you stated above. :-)
A38R2NKZDQXOPW	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVV929A	UnnamedCompany	533	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A38R4C7XGLWCR4	34QN5IT0TZSOAC3CRRPMAYM0ET5809	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	466	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	This could be a potentially dangerous study, since it's dealing with spam and people attempting to make purchases.				This experiment could have interesting results, that have positive impacts.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about to receive spam, and be deceived like that.	This experiment doesn't seem huge to me, so it doesn't matter one way or the other.	I want my friends to be cautious, so this experiment would show them if they're being unsafe with their passwords.	I want someone I care about to see that they're being careless.	I would want someone I cared about to understand their security.
A38R7SIVV118KT	3LO69W1SU3EG0NYGZINT0VVM58KGLT	Twitter	474	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										It's a harmless experiment that may be useful for something good. 
A38U73VCVFDDEX	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE9420LEQW	Control	1218	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	they will not be informing people  they were part of experiment	it just does not seem right, maybe if the people were asked to be part of an experiment	to measure how much people fall victim to hacking attacks	any experiment should be done with caution	so that no person will feel used and unhappy they should be careful	the researchers will not inform users that they were part of it and still use the data, its not right	it sounded like nobody was aware of any kind of experiment or if they had not given any kind of consent to being part of an experiment	they will let the people know they were being used in an experiment	they are being told they were part of an experiment and are being told recommendations on how to learn to recognize such attacks	so that they can be part of the experiment
A38VOZIC9QGEGU	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK05227F	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	991	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They are using software that isn't theirs and it doesn't mention a way to remove it afterwards.	It seems like a safe study to do.	People's privacy could be shaken up.	Depending on how it could be done, people might complain to the school that they let something like that happen.	It seems like a safe thing without any bad after effects	The software is not the researchers and it could be bad in the end.	If their posts are public then it is their own business and not mine on what they post.	If no passwords were actually stolen then I have no preference.	It is the persons choice. It seems completely safe and I wouldn't mind if that person was included.	It seems like a normal thing and it seems safe.
A38Z4HGE16SX10	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKAFSDC	NoAdvertising	693	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	The study findings would be useful.	I don't see how it's important.	There weren't very many details as to the procedure but if it could help raise security, then I'm for it.	Using "friends" as the bait is close to crossing the line of privacy.	No risk is being posed to participants and there will be benefits from conducting the experiment.	It seems like a study worth conducting and as long as no harm is caused, I don't see a problem with it.	I think it's an evasion of privacy.	I would like to further the results of the research.	Some lessons have to be learned the hard way.	If there was really no harm, then yes, I would want there to be as many participants as possible.  All in the name of science.
A38ZV8LBZ034IZ	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTPVZUJ	InsertPosts	2628	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	It is a harmless experiment	Depends on the type of comments posted	As long as the information is not used or stored, I see no harm in this experiment	I think its too risky to put participants in this type of situation. They may not appreciate the deception.	Like I said there is no harm done so I see no reason not to proceed with the experiment	Since spam is a regular part of e-mail, I see no reason why this experiment would have any negative effects on any participant.	If I have an unhappy friend I wouldn't want to make him or her unhappier by adding negative comments to his or her Facebook page. I wouldn't mind so much about the positive comments.	Since it is up to the participant to voluntarily provide passwords or personal information if they choose to, I see no harm in this experiment and it seems like a good way to obtain valid test results. No one will be harmed, no information wil be stolen and no participant will be compromised.	I think no person would appreciate being in this type of experiment as they might be embarrassed if they fell for a phishing e-mailand ended up providing their passwords	it seems like an interesting experiment and I see no harm in it since participants are not actually experiencing a real security risk and the participants will be anonymous in published results
A391E85B1WB84I	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ421FMU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1929	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
A392O5P4BFFTUM	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQX62O5	Control	824	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no										
A3938KLA9ORH2U	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBWE6LI	UnnamedCompany	627	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This sounds similar to what Google/Gmail does & some people are not to happy with these practices - experimental or not.	Any & all social media experiments should proceed with caution. Especially in the age of bullying, etc. 	I agree with the experiment being conducted in a controlled environment such as HITs, etc. It may also help to include a phone number or email address that people can use to make contact to be reassured after the completion of the study.			I believe in free will, therefore if someone I cared for wanted to participate - I would support their decision no matter what.				
A393VGRPMMV95I	3DBQWDE4Y6Z88QCHUZKH9Q8MKZJN57	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	800	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		Yes so that they can obtain what they are looking for.			So that they can obtain what they have been looking for.		Yes because I want that friend to learn many things. I have learned many things in surveys.			Because I want that person to learn many valuable things in surveys.
A3952A3HJPME9X	3YDGXNSEOZV590LDASCOM1CDV7S48W	Control	678	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes						Never ok with hacking into my personal computer	Because I do not agree to have loved ones Facebook accounts tampered with due to privacy issues	Again, not comfortable with the idea of people having access to personal information that is not willing given	Not ok with hacking into personal information without consent upfront	Since no participant will suffer from this experiment, then it is important to participate in research studies.
A397K3GXRY7U78	32VNZTT0A75BR50991IODI7ILYGR4T	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	607	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	Not ethical	Although facebook is public, some things are private	Depends on what questions are next.	It's also phishing	Depends on what they ask.	Doesn't sound ethical to me.	Doesn't sound like a real experiment that Facebook would do.	Sounds like passwords could be stolen.	I've seen this stuff before in personal e-mails.	Don't trust the requests.
A399GYOD60WD7M	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9ECT5F	WithoutImprovingProduct	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A39AL0DJDURBT8	3CP1TO84PT2CJ4NO8GMXH25O92D25C	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	980	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	There are causes for concern.  The participant's personal information will be deceptively given to someone other than they thought they were giving it to.  This would amount to fraud because the participant's would act in reliance of false statements made for misrepresentations.  	Caution should be avoided to protect the participant's identity.  	Regardless of the bona fide intent of the researchers, participants will still be giving their personal information.  I would expect some participants to be unhappy with this and they could argue that they cannot trust the researchers to keep their word of confidentiality after they have already been deceived.  	This would be the worst kind of research out of all these.  Too deceptive and fraudulent. 	It should not be foreseeable that a participant might conduct himself adversely to their normal day or cause stress. 	This would result in a waste on time for the participant for the benefit of the researcher. 	I do not see the harm in having someone I care about being included in the experiment.  			No harm done. 
A39BLMUV6HHYCT	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCKBCNI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1214	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	Could be useful, but may allow to much harm.	Yes, it doesn't seem harmful.	If the experiment is legit, then I believe they should be allowed to proceed because the research could be quite helpful. I say with caution because it's still a risky experiment to conduct.	Doesn't seem like a legit experiment. 	It's not very risky, and it would be productive.	Too risky	It would be interesting, and a little funny.	That information could get leaked, and it could be one the slyest ploys to gain people's passwords.	Sounds suspicious, and too risky.	It would be funny to hear about their story afterwards. 
A39C1BN9ZSQ0R2	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFGTUYAC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	949	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	They're tricking people into using a spam site without their knowledge or consent.	Unless it is written in the privacy agreement when you first sign up for Facebook, it should not be allowed.	Because people are signing up to be a part of the research project, even if they don't know quite the extent of it.	It's just plain wrong and immoral.	Because people are intentionally signing up to be in a scientific study, even if they don't know exactly what it is.	The users have no idea that they are being used in a scientific experiment. I don't believe that is right.	I don't think manipulating someone on a free social networking site is a moral thing to do, especially if it's the site itself doing the manipulating.	It seems like something that can help make computing safer.	This is completely immoral. You cannot, as a university, fool your own students into falling for a phishing attack.	It will help to make computing safer.
A39DOEKQDXTP6N	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UE15CXS	InsertPosts	705	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		so we can have solution		with experiments only we would be able to solve problem					i wud like to inform about such kind of research	
A39DVD34NC3B2H	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVXEKV7R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	638	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent						I wouldn't like knowing my person was being potentially taken advantage of.				
A39FJ7RWX4B9JZ	3JW0YLFXRTHS830FI1YDV9YQXBZWW2	Control	1290	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	I think we need all the information and knowledge that can be gathered to try and find ways to counter the spam problem. 	I said no because I believe people should knowingly volunteer for experiments of any kind. 	I like that they would not be collecting passwords and personal information - that's assuming of course they can actually be trusted. 	At least not as it is stated above - if they were able to modify it to do a better job of protecting the student's information then maybe yes.	It seems to me that putting people in a situation where they are facing a security risk (even if it's a fake one) would be highly stressful so I just don't believe that should be done without the participants permission.	This one is borderline - spam is a serious problem so I definitely see use for this kind of study. Not informing people trying to access the site is a bit iffy, but the only downside seems to be a bit of extra frustration and if anything they're being saved by not actually being exposed to the spammer. 	I would never want someone else to volunteer me for an experiment of any kind without my permission - so I wouldn't do it to them either.	This one sounds pretty safe for the end user to participate in so I think it would depend on the individual but I'd be more likely to say yes.	Again this one seems borderline to me. I don't like that this third party would be deceiving students and especially that they'd be collecting passwords. 	Admittedly I have mixed feelings - my first response is no because I feel strongly that people should knowingly enter into an experiment - especially when a situation will created undo stress such as this one. At the same time I appreciate how challenging it would be for researchers to try and get an unbiased response without some deception. 
A39FTUMHSDDVMR	3Y54SXRO1LMNOI7GSWE1Q16U8VEUT7	InsertPosts	382	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes								Don't really trust it. Would need to see credentials to prove that these people wouldn't steal information. 		
A39GJVGSIHMC46	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YKTREC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	511	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	It would be helpful with internet security.	Too much information gathering by an untrustworthy company.	It could be a helpful experiment.	It is an essential piece of online security.	I think it could help internet security.	It is anonymous, and there is no harm to them.	Facebook is too invasive.	It could help with internet security.	They could be helpful in preventing actual Phishing scams in the future.	It is anonymous, and the study would be helpful.
A39HM489P9ATDT	3JNQLM5FT4NQLTQ90324YR1LVQN2L6	InsertPosts	487	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes										
A39HTG992TS6VH	3HSYG7LRBJZAI3CH49W7JNA0NQYKK1	Control	356	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes				better security awareness helps everyone.	better security awareness helps everyone.	not telling users is unethical	its useful data	why wouldn't you?	better security awareness helps everyone.	better security awareness helps everyone.
A39IPA9SRCA5TS	3OF2M9AATGP57YB34AZH62YDR5GKZ4	Control	1420	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	It's important to get to know how spammers operate. 	It seems harmless. 			It might be psychologically damaging if people truly believe the risks are real. However, it's a simulation so it's not real. 	Seems annoying to those who are involved.	Facebook is a comfortable place for most of the people I know. 	It's trickery. 		There isn't a risk but it's making the participant believe there's a risk so it's a neutral situation. 
A39J3Y8YVC6AIZ	36U2A8VAG105281Y8OXYSVPBL9YYK9	WithoutPublication	714	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A39K9RKR1YHQOR	37Z929RLG99795FC3RJ1B0O6N8CTST	InsertPosts	596	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	They might catch a Trojan anyway, and lose data from their disc, therefore their study!	This would violate privacy, and is unethical. 		The study would have to have a different mode of approach. Most importantly, obtaining consent in a study is paramount. Perhaps if one consented to a period of time in which researchers could query, then the study may be ethically feasible. 	The experiment looks sound in its delivery and method.	The study seems as if it is ethical. One is using their own device as a tool in the study.		Seems unethical	Being used as a subject without consent, and then having a notification afterwards that one was a test subject is unethical. Consent must be received by test subjects in studies. This issue may violate privacy issues as well. 	The study looks sound. 
A39KXU2B7L9MAC	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ45AFM9	Twitter	468	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A39LY0JTN2E6AN	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8M1FP8V	NoAdvertising	547	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes		It is a very interesting idea but regardless if they want to use it for advertising purposes or not, eventually the results could be used by someone clever enough to make sense of it. 							Yes, because they are doing important research.  The only thing I would do differently is I would not verify if the information is correct.  That's the students personal information.  Just that they would submit something would be proof enough that the scam worked.  I do understand that students may put in incorrect info to throw the 'scammer' off but that is something that can be explained in the discussion.	
A39M1U0GJ1YWBD	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADPAQ1E	UnnamedCompany	589	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no					It seems like it could cause people to panic					I'd rather my family not be involved
A39MOCMDRIOSJM	3EICBYG644XXOLUBUBFXUPXF3TYCJS	NoAdvertising	215	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes								They will probably steal info.		
A39MOYGYDJ5OUS	3IAS3U3I0FHE8K4X9QDAKO5GJ45B24	NoAdvertising	758	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent										
A39O2T3TC4NV83	3R5F3LQFV2LOXPWI22RADJFMB5SZOV	WithoutPublication	683	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			This could scare people							
A39RF1I4KALHKM	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42IC0H7AS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	440	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	There seems to be an issue with consent.	They already have done a study similar, and I disagree with it.	Collecting passwords, even if temporary, could be dangerous for the participants.	Issues with consent.	This study is much more ethical than the facebook study. People technically consented to a study with the facebook EULA, but no one reads those. Participants in this study will know they are being researched, but they will be unaware of the study's true goal.	The participants haven't given consent.	I would prefer to not have their emotions manipulated	Just in case there is something shady going on, I don't like it.	Issue with consent	The participants will be notified they are participating in some kind of study, and might even learn a thing about security afterwards.
A39W3PYK82IBAS	3ATTHHXXWAPPW8L03PQKW13PRUIXIK	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	442	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes		Seems like the results would be interesting. 								
A39WBB4FIDISFS	36DSNE9QZ5ZYXAREKGOOPPRWSH7OJB	Control	1035	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	This does not seem safe.	The experiment seems safe.	Yes, but with caution tricking people can cause anger.			I do not want anyone I cared about having their computer spammed.	The experiment does not comprise any personal information.	No because I do not want anyone I know to be deceived.	I do not want anyone I care about to become paranoid about phishing attacks.	The survey poses no threat.
A39YBLQYIUBR76	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVX34V7P	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2193	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes				We should never access peoples stuff without their knowledge. There should be some caution and awareness that the persons stuff maybe accessed. 		This is encroaching a little to much on personal privacy	We need more positive influence in the world. 	To raise awareness for folks that this threat is real 	I would use it to show them they should not trust every email they recieve and how easy it is to be victimized. 	THis could make them aware of future attacks 
A39YLR6E5O9ODQ	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0YD8IH	WithoutPublication	256	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes				Risks privacy of people					Yes, good idea	
A39YX0NP6W8TSQ	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVZUBRY	NoAdvertising	710	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
A39Z6VZMF2L69H	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6FF97P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	309	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	it helps not harms			they are helping not harming		it teaches about internet security safety..			It teaches a valuable lesson about internet security safety. 	
A3A28DZ19AYL85	3R9WASFE2ZHURCJP3Z8KQP68J3HFZ3	Control	561	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes		As long as everyone in study remains anonymous.	As long as the researchers are not actually storing the passwords, I believe that this experiment would be fine.							
A3A2GAKQNONNFR	35USIKEBNRH4RUCVZIUM1WMMGZ5N68	UnnamedCompany	865	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3A2H16ZRZJ94N	3IRIK4HM3ALL0QF4ASL8LLSAHM36C3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1594	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A3A5190DU9NGHS	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW820KX2C	UnnamedCompany	1395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	the published results of such an experiment could be important in uncovering how humans respond to spam on the whole.	the data collected could help humans see how positive or negative emotions spread	with this research published there will be less humans falling for the sneaky hackers schemes 	they should do this experiment so the information collected can be published and made known and these attacks can end once and for all.	i think it's important for "risk warnings" to be effective and without experiments like this we would only be guessing about how seriously humans take "risk warnings"	there will be no apparent harm to a friend participating in this study and it is for the betterment of the almighty interweb 	there isnt any real harm in this kind of study and the published results would be interesting and loaded with insight 	there is nothing risky in this study, only a little helpful deception. the outcome of this study would offer humans valuable information for this age of identity theft	this is important information to be gathered. so many older humans are clueless to these phishing attacks and more and more are falling victim to them every day.	there isnt any real harm involved so there would be no reason for me to be opposed to a friend being a participant for the study
A3A6PPZ2EJTW6L	3OCHAWUVGOLG23BO3SBW9HI2JYGXK4	Control	537	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	This experiment never lets the participant know that they have been deceived in a safe way and allows a more permanent monetary loss to occur.  They are also stuck with monitoring software on their computer. 	Facebook already has access to all this information, willingly on behalf of the participant, who has agreed to have their information used by being on facebook.  Might as well make use of it.		It is helpful to understand how these attacks occur so the public can be informed.						
A3A78C2A0JHOJN	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EH7GK7F	WithoutPublication	719	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes							This experiment is not life threatening.			
A3A7AGVVB6NL9R	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDES3ULZ	NoAdvertising	928	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	As above - it's not ethical to study subjects without them having at least some idea that there might be a study happening, when you are changing their behavior. Nor, if the intercepted spammer's store is legal, is it ethical to intercept their customers to some other site.	Many people do not realize that FB allows research on you as a subject in their TOS - this is an area where it might be best to have FB put out a notice reminding folks that research might be conducted on your wihtout you explicitly being aware of being in a survey/study.	It would be best if they did not greatly decieve the subjects - they should write the purpose of the experiment vaguely enough that it's not a great deception of their purpose.	Unless the university makes it clear to students that their use of university computer systems and email systems could be used in studies, this would not be ethical ... with even the fig leaf ethicalness of the FB TOS.	This is less of a concern for people than the password study, as security warnings are not as "scary" as having put in a password and fearing for it being abused.	This is clearly not informed consent - nor even close to the edges of being informed consent as with the FB study. The subjects do not know they are being studied, they do not consent to such as study as part of a TOS, nor is it ethical to intercept someone going to what may very well be a legal store (and if its not a legal store/service, it should still be unethical to decieve the subjects that they are doing something illegal.)	I trust my close friends to be able to decide for themselves whether they can take part in experiments.	Most of my friends are adults and able to choose whether or not they take part in these sorts of experiments. My mother, who is elderly and the only close person I worry about this sort of thing with, isn't literate enough on the computer to take or find such a survey. (Thankfully).	Unless the university specifically allows students to be experimented on without consent in their TOS for the email/website through the university, this would be unethical.	Everyone I care about is capable of making their own decisions on these sorts of things - or are not computer savvy enough to be able to take it at all.
A3A9CO5DHDHAUR	378XPAWRUCED0VD7SFY6CTSRQITIA3	WithoutImprovingProduct	245	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	indifferent		May cause users to get angry about deception		Dangerous to spoof other emails and some people may not fall of the trick						
A3ADJ5XVXMQ8VC	3CCZ6YKWR7KNJO8NTP1CRPD2F5O956	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1155	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	no	indifferent			Yes. They are not keeping personal information of the subjects and will tell them to true purpose of the experiment.	This is too much. Using the email of a "friend" could potentially backfire. Even if the subjects learn that it is an experiment, they might not trust their friends anymore. This could cause rifts in friendships.	I think the subjects should know about the fake security threat at the beginning of the survey. 			This study will investigate a topic that is very important to everyone.		
A3AGBT2494MP7Z	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHRTA6W	WithoutImprovingProduct	592	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	There is no harm, no foul		There is no proof that the passwords were not stolen. SECURITY RISK	The fact is that they were going to actually take the passwords and that is a big NO NO.	the idea of a security risk may stop people from completing the study.		It does not harm anybody and they are willingly using facebook, so if they have a problem with it they can deactivate their account.			
A3AIZCCQ9NJINR	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6NV37S	UnnamedCompany	490	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I feel that there is some responsibility for making sure those who are in the negative group to be monitored since people's emotions and their reactions can be quite varied.	Make sure you are clear during the explanation to the participants that there was no storage or usage of any personal information.							
A3AL1U061J6WZE	3Z4XG4ZF48SW729NU3ETJC9BO2YX85	UnnamedCompany	471	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3ALZPQ7Q5HTIL	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4F598WE	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	750	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	It gives the researchers more information on spam-related sales and how effective they are.	It would provide information on factor that could or would lead to someone being depressed.	As long as the study does not have harmful results. 	It would show how much of the population is inclined to go forward in a phishing scam.	It could only lead to positive results. 	It gives the experiment more integrity.	Positive people tend to have positive friends on Facebook. 	It would make the participants more aware of tricks used by hackers.	It would make them more aware of phishing scams.	It would make the participants more aware of activities that could present a security risk in the future.
A3AMH2JMR6OPT	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMI02D7	WithoutPublication	383	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3AN2RCK1U8R6J	33M4IA01QG22P7OJTCKTAT4GETIRX5	WithoutPublication	2169	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	Information of the users who make a purchase may have their information recorded (even with their consent), and this sensitive information could be compromised in a number of ways in the future.	Not without the consent from participants.	Sensitive information provided by unconsenting participants could be compromised.	Researchers should get students' consent to participate in the study.		I do not want to receive spam sent by attackers using the infected computer.	I don't think it's nice to toy with people's emotionals, especially without their expressed consent.	I wouldn't want a person I cared about to be deceived. It may cause them to develop trust issues or feel embarrassed.	As long as my information is protected, I would willingly consent to participate.	No personal information is being compromised, and the end result is geared toward better protecting people, so I approve.
A3AN2XS8AEDNHV	3BGYGHDBBXLKK741QXKZJV2CPPG22Z	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	631	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	There is no way to guarantee the safety of everyone involved. The researchers might think they can control it but if they are wrong the ramifications would be severe.	I don't think this is an ethical use of a social media site.	Maybe the researchers can be trusted, but how would they know someone wouldn't later use their research for nefarious purposes?	Not only should they not proceed, they should be sanctioned for considering doing something like this to their students.		I think this would easily get out of control and actual identify theft and fraud would occur. 	I don't think it is right to use Facebook in this manner. It is supposed to be a website where you share things with your friends and family, not some lab experiment. 	This experiment seems unnecessary and risky.	I can't believe anyone would think this is a good idea.	I am not a fan of deception. It seems to easy for corporations and scientists to explain away their unethical behavior by claiming that they NEEDED to deceive people.
A3ANNQ73J8M158	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BDY5J1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If researchers are not wanting to send spam themselves, then it'll be difficult to get information. If they do send spam, they might get a bad reputation especially if their research doesn't bring back good results.					It doesn't matter to me either way, it's just research so nothing will really happen.				
A3AQYGTOA6MFL8	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JPBDED	WithoutImprovingProduct	954	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	I'd participate, but not all people would be willing.	It really depends on the approach and consent.  Also, what is the broader impact of this research?  It's hard to see the benefit of the experiment that is proposed.		Yes - I think it is good to work on this.  I would participate in such a study.		Depends on the individual being selected.  	It depends on the experimental disclosure - it is possible to still have blinded subjects to the purpose of this experiment and them being aware that there profile is being manipulated - they don't need to know the purpose of the experiment to consent to the proposed manipulations.	This experiment has many benefits and no harm is actually done to the participants.	This would be based on the individual selected.  Some people would be more comfortable than others with this.	Little risk, many benefits.  Seems fine to me.
A3ARJRZA5A8J7U	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA437FL0	WithoutPublication	1054	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Without these kinds of research projects, fighting spam would be more difficult.  in order to fight something like spam, you have to know how the spammers work.  	I stress the 'with caution' part.  It has to be limited, and these experiments should not take place on something like Facebook.  It needs to be more lmited in scope with willing participants.	This is the same as the spam and phishing research.  In order to better learn about passwords and what users will fall for, you must act like the ones that are trying to steal passwords.	My answers for this are similar to my answers about the spam research.  in order to fight phishing emails, and in order to better inform people about them, researchers need to know all about it.  Best way to learn about phishing is to become a phisher.  (sorry for the bad pun)	Security warnings are important and only useful if people actually pay attention to them.  	I'd rather people I care about be included in a modified spam bot that didn't actually take their money.  The results are supposed to be anonymous so no harm would come to the people I care about.	I don't like these kinds of studies.  I see this as Facebook censoring out posts for the study.  I don't like that.  If I don't like it for me, I wouldn't like it for the people I care about.	Just like the phishing and spam research, the participants will not be harmed and they even may learn a lesson.  	No harm will come to people that are caught by this and they may even learn a lesson from it.  I say "may" as we have faculty where I work that repeatedly send their password every time they get phishing email.  	There's no way this would harm someone so I certainly would not care if people I care about participated in this experiment.
A3ASF4ZVP6BUGO	3S06PH7KSR50YWKL4I42AVJBUAQD11	UnnamedCompany	487	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It seems like there could be some ethical complications regarding this approach.		If the participant follows the instructions but doesn't read the debrief, they have now become more vulnerable to an attack in the future, as they are willing to supply that kind of information in a survey. 							
A3ASXYCQ9UV1WE	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBQQEIF	WithoutPublication	376	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3AUP2EO8VMWIC	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW82YFX23	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	341	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent					Be careful of how it will affect the participants later in life	Too dangerous to test out		It will teach them not to click on the bad links		Depends on the type of risk that they will be involved in and whether it will have a lasting effect on them
A3AV8LLKM8LGFW	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4RM0A6	UnnamedCompany	1366	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	I don't understand how this could be a useful study (other than for 'researchers' to determine how to spam people in a more effective manner), but I don't see any real harm (as long as NO personal information is obtained/used, which is a key point of the sudy) coming from this study.	People should see their news feed in all of its natural glory.  Not a news feed that has been tinkered with to affect the person's mood!	Again, it is a decent tool for teaching people that they should be skeptical whenever someone tries to obtain their password.	Were it not for the aspect of impersonating a facebook friend, I would be on board with this study.  I get emails from my organization that attempt to get your password, and then the organization uses it as a lesson to promote cyber security.  But they don't pretend to be a specific friend of mine.		I don't want to be a part of exploiting the possibly naive nature of someone I care about.	Call me a drama queen, but it seems a little messed up to toy with people's emotions.  I guess you kind of sign up for that if you are a member of a social network, but I don't think it is fair to skew the amount of negative/positive things they see on their news feed.  Not cool, man!	It is a decent way to teach users to be a little more skeptical.	The tactic of sending a 'fake' phishing email is common in organizations that want to promote cyber security.  But, I don't feel that impersonating a friend by invading the privacy of a facebook user is fair (or even ethical).	
A3AWC4P8QUK1XB	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9U7EPB8	InsertPosts	600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	If they want to do it with their own lab computer, go for it.	Again unless you hack someone's Facebook account, how would this work.  Plus, I would hate to see a negative experience be posted on a friend's Facebook and be worried about them only to find out it's a fake.  Couldn't they do this research by simply looking at Facebook accounts and not making posts?	Again, this could be beneficial in stopping a real threat (identity theft).  The guidelines say no real data will actually be stolen.	If you notified the students whose email account you were using what you were doing, then that may work.  Otherwise, it's trickery.  	I would worry that the security alert may cause many participants to quit the HIT before completing it or being extremely worried before being reassured by the researchers.	While the results could be beneficial, I don't think the researchers would be able to have complete control over the experiment.  I would worry the spammers would gain control/outwit the researchers.	Are you kidding?  As I read this, the researchers would be editing/using the Facebook accounts of real people.  How would this even work?	There is no harm to the person taking the experiment and the results could benefit many people.	If I was sent a phishing email from a friend, I would immediately contact them after I discovered it.  My friend would probably worry/delete their email account.	I feel the benefits would outweigh the disadvantages.
A3AYPGNCIQ0B2R	3SNVL38CI4TSZ50TCWF9V4XSIHQCKH	WithoutImprovingProduct	7048	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	The researchers should be careful with engaging with spammers, but I think the experiment is worthwhile pursuing.									
A3AZMXP8SR60XS	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4M5KSG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	235	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3B0I7DLPFDZZM	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZH07KP5	NoAdvertising	754	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I think that this there are too many factors that could go poorly, and having an infected computer that spammers are using is in an ethical grey-area (they're not sending the spam themselves, but they know that it's coming from their computer).	As seen with a recent, similar study, there was a good deal of backlash.	It is essential that none of these passwords are stored or accessed in any way, just that it is flagged that they fell for the techniques.	Involves a lot of personal information - checking the student's facebook accounts, verifying their passwords... I don't think it's ethical.	As long as there is a full debriefing after the study, I believe that the deception used it okay.	There is a lot that could go wrong with a computer that is infected with spammer software. 	There is a lack of consent in these types of study.	Research is important, especially regarding cyber security in today's world, since it's so technology oriented.	This experiment seems invasive with the use of facebook and passwords.	I think that this experiment is ethical and uses minimal risk.
A3B4E9J8RBCPAD	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XX0JT1D	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3B4KALRN7KLBA	3FE2ERCCZX9UJLUCFTT8MLD817EOPU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	252	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no						I don't want to risk getting spammed or having my information spread. 			I wouldn't want them spammed either	
A3B6K6TUKM2133	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FBP4MQ	InsertPosts	889	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Because there's no point without a definite outcome.		As long as they protect any sensitive information and only use it for research purposes.	As long as no real risk is involved.		Because there's no point without a definite outcome.		It would be good for them and others to participate and see how vulnerable they are.	As long as they're in no real risk, I think it would be important for them to participate.
A3B919K25SR35	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOBXXLQ1	WithoutImprovingProduct	346	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes										
A3B96QLXW4J0BL	34BBWHLWHACA78GATKUYUIPIIZYIWC	Control	351	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes		This sounds like it is altering what we see to measure our reactions. it also has the potential to be a real big invasion of privacy. 	As long as the researhers are not collecting any real passwords this should be ok. 	This is a big invasion of privacy. The researchers would have passwords for real accounts belonging to real people. 	This kind of research is harmless and should be allowed in my opinion. 					
A3B9VY8X3RZFVL	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICYN8O5	UnnamedCompany	528	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A3BBGFC0RG39HK	31HQ4X3T3SBJQS77UIHAP9EPTNFSLY	WithoutPublication	6207	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I wouldn't let a friend do it but someone's got to.	If it will help achieve something useful, research is necessary first.		It can be useful one day in identifying legitimate friend e-mail messages too.		Sounds very risky.		This may be a good way to warn people to be more careful.	I want to see how he would trust a friend like me in that situation.	This is actually a good one to be part of because it sees how one tries to take preventive measures when confronted with security risks.
A3BDEN8SOAID2C	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6XYNLQ	InsertPosts	1244	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	How do I know this isn't some type of government project to keep tabs on what people are doing without their knowledge	I don't want nothing to infringe on my rights. facebook is my go to place and people should be allowed to post what they want without somebody tracking their mood or behavior.	To prevent any more of what happened to Target in the future. yes research on.	If the goal is to stop phishing then yes for any other reason I would say no to it.	I don't want to do anything on my computer that might damage it so I would want something done to prevent it.Liek going to a site that may be infected with a virus	I would prefer that research is done to stop criminals, if the spam is apart of criminal activity then yes I would want them to be a participant to help stop crime	Leave facebook alone.....end of story	I myself have had my identity stolen so yes I would want someone that I cared about to be a participant.	If the goal is to stop phishing then yes for any other reason I would say no to it.	I don't want to do anything on my computer that might damage it so I would want something done to prevent it.
A3BDZ5NK8F4P86	3AMYWKA6YBNM9FC70XUZGLMR64R6OD	WithoutPublication	326	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no								They will learn to avoid such attacks in the future.	At Least they will learn to avoid phishing emails in the future.	
A3BE3KXD518TZ4	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ2RWE9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	394	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A3BFGAWGDUIC6W	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHGE6MZE	NoAdvertising	631	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I have no problem with the researchers capturing info from spammers but they shouldn't be allowed to dupe people who think they are making legitimate purchases		because this experiment helps the greater good. we need to learn more about how hackers are able to get passwords			I have a concern about the information of someone  I care for being duped and not being notified by the researchers even if the experiment is for the greater good		Because their information will not actually be shared or stolen	As long as their personal information is not compromised and it is kept between the researchers and the university I have no problems with this	
A3BFMY5OX2WMUW	3NQL1CS15R9JIJVA7SB5U40S134VYJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	6559	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3BGKW35GDI4D1	3X0H8UUIT1PZ1MJ6YWOCYKV5RRGSWI	Twitter	1151	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think there are some concerns about attempting to prompt participants to engage in behavior that outside of the experiment could be dangerous	I think there needs to be some limits to how much information is excluded	I think it is essential to thoroughly debrief participants as to their real world risks	I think there needs to be appropriate controls on any data collection	I think this is a reasonably designed study in regards to users privacy and their initial deception	I can reasonably assume that anyone I know would behave similarly outside of the experiment, so there is no reasonable harm in being involved		Again, it is reasonable to assume that any of my friends engaged in this experiment, than they would behave similarly outside of the experiment anyway	Again, I think my friends would be equally likely to behave in a similar manner outside of the experiment, so the experiment has minimal risks to the participant 	I see no negative consequences in anyone I know participating
A3BGQS3TMP7RQG	3OWEPKL089DNVUQ0ISZE7AMIB07N75	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	12707	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	too invasive		could provide a good results	too invasive		too much risk involved	would not want someone I cared about to participate in any kind of survey run by facebook		too invasive	
A3BHMWAN8EZBQR	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KWYILV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	340	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3BL2ZEODD79AZ	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7LICMH	Control	277	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3BO90D83RV06T	3QJOXOW4XJS2MRKATZYK05PZS4EEM9	Twitter	469	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes			Again, I don't see anything wrong with this study.	I think the study is beneficial, and researchers should be allowed to proceed with it. 				I don't think it is a harmful study.	I don't see any harm in this study, and therefore wouldn't be worried about someone close to me participating.	
A3BQD1SK8EA471	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLBY8GI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	874	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		This seems like a very interesting and different study. 		I'm not sure about actually using the passwords. 				I would not want their passwords known even if they weren't collected and saved. 	I wouldn't like their info being used without them knowing. 	Does no harm to the participant. 
A3BQEM5QNXYZ8M	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCSBRPF	UnnamedCompany	964	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent				There are possibilities that this could go wrong and people should be able to consent and agree to a study like this.		My concern is the participants handing over sensitive payment information.		Again my concern is that sensitive information can be stolen or leaked from the researchers and fall in to wrong hands.	The first experiment was o.k. However, after reading the second experiment I have doubts as to whether or not this is ethical	Are you're saying put the participants in situation where they are not aware they are being monitored for research purposes? If so I would not care as the intentions is academic.
A3BR4OJVPCHL0D	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN87EKJU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	553	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent										
A3BS05ADITCQR9	3OHYZ19UGC6NWHOAQABBWQOD2IDOA7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	392	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3BSHJDU23KMKW	3N2BF7Y2VQVE61BCJ06QL8MCKKPMHG	Control	929	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	As long as no personal information is collected it seems okay.	This experiment could alter peoples lives in a negative way.	It'd be good to inform people how to protect from these attacks but it should be done carefully and securely.	There's always a chance the personal info could get out even from the experiment.	I don't see anything wrong with it.	It seems harmless.	I don't like the idea of anyone being manipulated like that.	There's always a chance that passwords could be stolen even from the people who run the experiment.	I don't like the idea of anyone taking personal information from someone i cared about.	It seems harmless if no actual information is taken.
A3BY2WDCY8YLDE	33CUSNVVNND6S18FMV213DSIXSW88D	UnnamedCompany	1413	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no					It's an invasion of someone's privacy.	The computers should not be infected with some of virus that someone could use to get your information.				
A3BZHZJGT3PFD1	3Z4GS9HPNVBYS9YD2LIPBD0SBP377N	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	316	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent						It feels unethical to me, but I'd rather they got sent to the researchers' fake store than the actual spam store.				
A3C4LO4T43JO9R	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87L1MAZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	865	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	I think they should do it to help see what peoples reactions are and how they handle what is being thrown at them. I just think they need to be careful to protect everyones info. 	Just because you are using an algorithm does not mean that it will be correct. Need to make sure that what you are studying is fact and not up to subjection. 	there are no risks to the people taking part in the project. Plus we all need to know the tricks to help prevent ourselves from being hacked. 	I am torn strictly on asking the school for the passwords. Everything else seems fine but that part. 	Since there will be no harm to anyone in the study I do not have a problem with them moving forward with the project. 	Too many risky variables in this project. 	There is no visible risk or harm to anyone, so I don't see a reason not to allow the person to participate. 	There appears to be no risk to the people taking part in this project. I think it will be good for the people who take part to see what they need to do to be better prepared. 	I am a little hesitant on allowing them to ask the college to verify that the passwords were correct or not. They should not have access to that info. 	Based upon what I read there is little to no risk to the person that would be the participant. 
A3C6LPF3Y3E334	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGF7Z3D	InsertPosts	717	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	I feel that there are other methods of measuring spam e-mails, and one's that are not so much in an ethical gray area.	I don't necessarily see a correlation between facebook statuses and psychological vulnerability.	This type of information in the wrong hands can be potentially devastating to an individual.	This is an ethical dilemma to which I feel that arguments presented from those who approve and those who don't approve could sway my opinion.	I understand that in some cases the ends justify the means, but I'm not too sure about how i feel regarding this situation. I would honestly say I would be extremely upset if I found out after the fact that i was an candid participant in this type of experiment, and would be potentially upset at the researchers.	I think it could be an interesting experiment considering that the people are buying their product as is.	Facebook doesn't actually help you gauge a level of happiness. It's just a veil for users to post whatever they want to think that others will think about them.	I think it would be good for the individual to learn the lessons, but I'm also slightly iffy regarding the group of researchers and would like to know more information about the actual deception techniques and the masking strategy.	I personally feel that the participant's rights would be violated	After the previous section, I feel that the methods used to approach this experiment do violate the rights of individuals
A3C7HDRFUAA3IJ	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZEM3WC	NoAdvertising	1120	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	As stated before, I can't really parse the morality because I'm not sure how it would actually occur.	As stated before, people might get angrier if they don't get all of their news feed. Plus, how would they figure out emotions?	The results would be interesting to see, but only if they keep the promise of not saving the passwords.	It would be different if they told people ahead of time that they would be doing an experiment in the area, maybe.	I think it would be interesting to see how people react to security warnings under the guise of an experiment. 	I don't really understand this one, since someone would have to be aware that they are participating in an experiment in order to go about it, but they have to also "fall for" the spam email. Unless the software is installed on the computer without the participant's permission, because that is wrong.	I feel it's wrong to use deception and block out "negativity" or even "positivity" from a news feed. People will want to see all of their friend's recent posts on a news feed, not just the ones facebook blocks. Also, someone might need help and that post might be censored, and that makes people less likely to see the call for help.	As long as the scientists announce to the public beforehand that they are conducting an experiment, then it would not be considered deceptive.	I feel like it's wrong to deceive people about having them participate in an experiment. If you feel like people will not participate in an experiment, then maybe it's not right.	This is actually a good experiment, and I think it would be okay for someone to participate in it.There is no deception, and the participant is aware that they are in an experiment.
A3C91LM2RYIEAB	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VHWHKC	Twitter	438	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A3CC5KYGXQ06T8	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6W9NLZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	908	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes				It needs to be with students willing to participate in the research.			I am not comfortable with this manipulation of personal websites without participates being notified of being tested on.	Again, I don't feel comfortable with the participants being completely unaware that research is being conducted without their consent.	It bothers me that the students are not aware that testing is taking place.	
A3CD3C99T8S6ON	386PBUZZXFYQRPOH7O8WX8N2X4ULJ3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	922	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	There doesn't seem to be too much ethically wrong, but it may make some participants feel uneasy once the truth is revealed		This type of deception will make certain people feel like they actually did have their password stolen		The deception seems harmless	I don't like the thought of submitting payment information on a fake page	The experiment is harmless	If the research was conducted by a trustworthy organization I would have no problem with it	The university has access to most of the students information anyways	The deception here seems harmless
A3CHPMKACC5JX2	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW6ATKTP	NoAdvertising	180	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3CI184TQVSSY3	3CFJTT4SXTRVHTF9LCMM22Q1PAU7I8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1652	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	It is a highly unethical experiment, due to it's secretive nature, and also for the temptation available to the research group, and their staff to violate their personal ethics for profit.	Altering someone else's Facebook feed without their consent or knowledge is a fundamental abuse of trust. It also has potential social alienating consequences that may cause DIRECT personal harm to the participants.	This experiment demands personal trust be violated. It also is fundamentally flawed, in that if the researchers already know the most common means of soliciting internet users passwords, they should already know the basics on how to defend themselves against such attacks, namely admins informing users to "never give away your password to anyone, for ANY REASON" this is also a potential PR disaster for the research group considering it's use, as it indicates that the are willing to compromise end-user's trust, and personal safety for statistics of morally dubious necessity. There may also be legal consequences if the study is discovered, and a scandal ensues.	I fail to see how learning and quantifying how to better victimize people by abuse of trust, will ensure better responses to such attacks. The techniques that allow one to avoid being taken in by such techniques already exist. Researching how Vulnerable people are to abuses of trust, by abusing their trust and the publishing it, may have the OPPOSITE effect, it might embolden scamsters who would then know, which techniques of security circumvention were the moste effective. One cannot assume that this knowledge would be limited to only the "morally responsible" who would not abuse such knowledge, nor can one assume that knowing which techniques were most effective would result in better education/countermeasures against actual attacks. The benefits are dubious, the risks are disproportionately high. It is also a potential PR disaster for the university involved, as it demands that student trust be abused by faculty members.	No. It involves an abuse of trust, and may violate the terms of service or contractual agreements that the Hit is based on.		I would be very upset to see a friend be socially punished by having their personal feed violated, against their knowledge.	The research depends on a violation of personal trust. I would not want a friend to be subjected to that kind of testing.	I would consider this a violation of trust on my friend, by staff members, to students of their own college professors. I would be very angry.	It may cause my friend to lose trust in the (Hit) system in general
A3CLC6NMLF0AXK	3ATTHHXXWAPPW8L03PQKW13PRUOIXB	WithoutImprovingProduct	733	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	no	This experiment seems especially shady and dishonest. 	This experiment seems less intrusive or dangerous. 	They should take every precaution for anonymity very seriously. 	I don't see the benefits of this deceptive study. 	This study has the potential to cause alarms for many people. 	This experiment seems rather dangerous, especially someone like my father, who is computer-illiterate. 	This study seems pretty innocuous, so I would let that choice up to my loved one. 	It's important to learn internet safety, especially for older adults. 	This seems very intrusive and deceptive; I wouldn't want that for any loved one. 	This could cause unneeded stress
A3CP7ELHI99D7O	3OSWBBLG1EY8OX5EBBP954NCZU3XDL	Control	299	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3CPYEB0W3MLZK	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAGY9IJR	WithoutPublication	687	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	Yes, while it sounds a little scary, it will be extremely controlled and monitored, and there will be no risk of harm to the participant.	Effective and harmless, this experiment would be a great idea.	It is harmless and unfortunately, in a case such as this, the participant cannot know the truth until the end. This differs however from the first experiment I read, where it seemed their privacy was indeed violated as part of the experiment.	It violates their privacy without them knowing until the end, at which they can decline and have their data excluded.	It is harmless, with no security threat being present, only a warning of a security threat for the purpose of research. No privacy is violated and the research method sounds viable.	Yes, in fact in the long run it may end up saving a friend or that someone I cared for from this kind of problem in the future.	This is harmless, and an effective way of going about this research.	Their passwords are not actually stolen, nor stored so their privacy is not violated in the least.		This experiment does not violate any privacy.
A3CPZZNZDLFL6Z	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHDA0HX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	677	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A3CQDCNYJAX2X3	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KMPIL2	Control	467	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			We need to know how more people get their information stolen.				Because there is a study I read that said people are more upset after they get off of facebook than when they logged on. 	This is something we should know more about.		
A3CR1KRCDNYJM3	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPK0ZYP	Control	526	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A3CTXNQ2GXIQSP	3JW0YLFXRTHS830FI1YDV9YQX5XWWO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1020	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3CUQS1UJ49MZB	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4OC0C1	NoAdvertising	227	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	no			Even if anonymized and aggregated, the results may still be harmful to the survey participants.	Even if results are anonymized and aggregated, the results still may be harmful to survey participants.						
A3CWGT3EMQ17Y0	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUBX7B4	Twitter	356	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		It is not right to edit someone's feed without them knowing. 	For the reasons I stated above, even science must take a back seat to individual liberty. 	Science should not be an excuse to invade people's privacy. 	Science is not a good enough excuse for invading people's privacy. 		It is not right to edit someone's feed without them knowing. 	I still do not think it is right.  Science is not the end all be all, personal liberty and privacy are.  Even at the expense of science. 	It is not right to invade people's privacy against their will -- even if you have only scientific intentions. 	It is against their rights as citizens.  
A3CZCDW5CO12HK	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9V8K0H	NoAdvertising	384	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It seems like it would be difficult to completely control what a hacker/spammer has access to. 									
A3D0S6TR16HHZW	3R6BYFZZP7D5MHJA2HKZT4QXB4GFX5	WithoutImprovingProduct	643	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Although spam can be annoying to many, some people don't know how to detect spam, so I guess if it's an experiment it should be done with safety	I don't see the harm in conducting such an experiment. Many would love to read an article on this.		Once again, people need to know a phishing site when they see one, no matter how trustworthy it may seem	If you let the participants know you're not harming them in the end and it was for an experiment, that should be important and alright.	Most people these days can know spam when they see it, and it shouldn't take an experiment to know this at all	Facebook is fun for many and they may find it interesting.	I don't think it matters to me on this. People I know don't really care about falling under attacks online.	Phishing sites are difficult to detect these days and the more people involved in the study the better to prevent.	I think it should be open to everyone, but someone I know taking it makes zero difference
A3D15SP17IFSHC	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8M388PB	UnnamedCompany	446	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
A3D3D3F8X3NQYH	3QHK8ZVMIMJK96Q5JWVFZK4PPWDLB4	UnnamedCompany	770	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There seems to be a violation of privacy and no consent is given but it seems like a safe experiment if no personal info is taken.	Moods may be altered without their consent.	They have consent and are not holding on to passwords.	I feel like there are numerous violations of privacy.	This seems to be a very thought out experiment with low risk.		I would not want a friends mood to possibly get altered because of an experiment.			
A3D4EXC8BQW2NH	3CP1TO84PT2CJ4NO8GMXH25O943529	WithoutImprovingProduct	776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						I care for them, so if they want to do the experiment, then I hope they can.				
A3D683N9CY3YAE	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTRGZU8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1112	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	This information could be valuable and protect people in the future	I think people would have to be willing to subject themselves to this experiment. They would have to make sure it is not affecting people too much.	As long as no information is stored.	I think it helps not harms	I don't think this would cause any harm	I would want to see if they know not to fall for it	It might cause this person to become more depressed or down.	They might learn to be more cautious online.	I don't think there is any harm as long as passwords are not released. Also they could use the information.	I think this study could be beneficial to the person
A3D7JEGMSYKCUJ	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9LAS82	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						I think the users should be ultimately told that it is an experiment-that they were about to be spammed but were diverted.	It is valid research that could help overly emotional people.	It is important to be aware at all times that hackers have many ways of getting passwords from people who are not cautious.	I think younger people are more vulnerable to a phishing attack like this.  They have more friends and are not as cautious as older people.	It is a good way to learn what way to present security warnings
A3D8JGOZR6Q6K2	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMGJ1IE	WithoutPublication	364	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I'm not sure because I do not fully understand it.	It's never good to manipulate those who may be vulnerable to depression or anxiety; you could provoke suicide and you would be to blame.	It is helping the greater good and they are not storing passwords or other information.	I support 100% because it would help us to prevent it.	Yes, this would be something I'd be interested in reading the results for.	I'm still not certain as to what this experiment really entails. I'd have to see this one play out to really get it.	Facebook is irrelevant in my life.	My parents often think they are more computer literate than they actually are.	Yes, it would open their eyes up to this threat.	There is no immediate harm done.
A3D9X7FW21C7XP	3OVR4I9USPKBF4L9WMTO8SXDPEL4QG	Control	791	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	Infecting computers, even for research, with the intent to distribute 'spam' seems to only add to the problem of spam.		I would need to know more about the procedure.  If the passwords are collected, stored, or transmitted in any way and even for a moment than this study should absolutely NOT proceed.						Playing around with passwords, even if for research, should never be done.  To match the password with the university's system, it would have to be stored, storing that password, even for a moment, is unethical and is a security breach.	
A3DA07L58SV6EH	34X6J5FLPTZ1IM4UZTGSEUMW76MJQN	WithoutImprovingProduct	588	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	Sounds helpful to stop spam.	Not sure, because I believe we should be able to see everything and not only what is picked out for us.	Take steps to ensure participants are aware.	It is important for research, and someone has to be a participant.	They should take all measures that participants are informed.	It seems effective.	This is manipulative.	Being hacked, even if it's jut an experiment is worrisome.	I would like them to contact people beforehand instead of doing the experiment secretly.	No preference.
A3DA81ZFKYYGFC	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA4XLFL2	Twitter	795	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Sounds unethical.	If they are public tweets they are already obserable.	As above.	Unethical to get people to divulge passwords.	Sounds fine.	Sounds unethical.	I don't have a preference because it doesn't sound like there are risks.	Only if the passwords are encrypted.	Doesn't sound safe.	No risk.
A3DANBYFSS3PQK	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68BQYWE	InsertPosts	509	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A3DAXQCWF0YI0M	3WJEQKOXA8320PH9K8D0KUB599HA1O	NoAdvertising	767	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	I think this research would be helpful.	They have no business conducting experiments on anyone without their knowledge, let alone manipulate anyones Facebook;	Yes, because this is how you begin to fix the problem.	I don't feel comfortable with the passwords being verified without consent from the person.	Yes, because without knowing what warnings are effective, security can't be improved	I see nothing harmful	Its too personal and intrusive.	I think its important research and can be helpful in the long run. As long as they arent storing or using the passwords, I think its fine.	It is too privacy invasive.	I see no risk involved on this to anyone.
A3DBD6XA885626	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKE9DSZ	Twitter	806	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Since they would not tell the people affected, I think they would need to be careful with this one.	I really am not sure. But, I do think this type of research is important. So if it can be done without making a huge impact on people, it would be ok.	As long as it is done safely, yes. 	Again, with people's personal info like passwords it would need to be carefully monitored. 	I don't think this one poses any real threat to anyone. 		I know that in order to accurately do research like this, the participants would have to be unaware, but I wouldn't want someone I care about to end up with the negative posts...	I think that would be a great way to learn about password safety without your information actually being compromised. And it would help people out quite a bit to know why they are at risk.	I would want people to know not to do this, and this is one way to demonstrate that.	This one would not hurt anyone but would be very informational. 
A3DD4SU4G1K15J	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKJ8SV4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	4828	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3DF3331GOTRJP	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZU6IZS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	394	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent								cause maybe they would learn how to protect their online security		
A3DQ8O0KWH4J3G	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZBB2CGT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1490	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	In the end this will still effect the consumer who is trying to purchase a product. Since the store will "technically" be "fake" the consumer will not receive a product however they will also not be charged but at the same time expectations are that there will be a product delivery.	I am not sure really how realistic the qualitative or quantitative information received from this study would be.	We need to understand this process and develop changes to increase the security of consumers information.  People are conducting interactions world wide this is a large scale problem that needs to be addressed.  The internet is not going to go away but changes need to be made as it continues to grow and become an even greater hunting ground for thieves. 	As i said it is needed information that will help to educate and protect the public.	If consumers in many cases are not avidly avoiding those warning which can do harm they should be changed in order to adequately convey the seriousness of those warnings. So this research would be helpful.	This is research that needs to be conducted. As a consumer we are flooded with spam e-mails and many of us try on our own to stop the influx but have not found a viable solution.  This should be done.	However with using the platform of Facebook I believe that many people respond and post more in line with their own feelings.  Just as many happy posts can generate subsequent happy ones so can those whose moods are not so happy.  Facebook tends to almost mimic a discussion platform which all of us can relate to topics in one way or another. 	Again, it is needed information. We have gotten to the point where we take the security of the internet and what we do online for granted. We expect that the sites we go to are secure and no one would steal our information however nothing is further from the truth.	It is important that information such as this is provided. I also think that especially with college students they need to be aware as they are beginning their lives and careers are can be quite susceptible to such an attack especially through what looks like their bank offering credit cards and other information.  	Many times we are faced with security warnings on the internet but choose to ignore them or think that they can really be that "bad".  However there are subsequent consequences to those actions that can prove to be detrimental.
A3DR0KEMGLQGSD	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZIHSF4N	UnnamedCompany	1346	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	This is a waste of another persons time.	It sounds manipulative.	In this day and age people should already be aware of the dangers that the internet poses. It's not like we live in the beginning of the internet stages. 	This is talking about trying to trick someone into giving a password. Frankly when the students find out, I'm sure they will be extremely upset.	People do not like to be deceived.	People shouldn't be used as guinea pigs.	People should be in charge of how they react to others postings and should be held responsible for their own actions and reactions. I think people who live through media have nothing else better to do with their lives and take social media way more seriously then they should.	Why not just send information regarding how NOT to fall for this emails instead of trying to deceive people for your own research benefits. 	It's a breach of privacy.	People generally don't like to be deceived, even for money.
A3DYX6RYPUYUA4	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58N61N3	Control	485	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3DZA9CL8VQHRC	34J10VATJFZ5NBKOHBVS2T7WURGIQT	WithoutImprovingProduct	14288	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes							I'm not an avid facebook user, but I don't believe this experiment is particularly risky or potentially harmful to participants. 		I take internet security very seriously, and even though this experiment is just a simulation of a phishing, you can never be sure what could happen to the data collected. 	
A3E08GRFJJAT2S	33JKGHPFYCV6GXXNMY13QSJ86SKNM4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1032	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Just really illegal, intercepting communication is frowned upon		it would be easy for the data to be accessed by another or used for less savory purposes so I would be very cautious			It is just the possibility of the account information and other things getting out of control or overtaken by the spammers themselves and data being lost that is too risky	I completely distrust social media in any context, I really don't want anyone but the user to be able to access data from their account nor would I want to risk anyone being profiled, there are a lot of other things they can add up to make a profile from the data they can access		It would either show they were aware of the risks and avoided them or make them aware of the risks so they could avoid the risk in the future	 it is interesting but if I hit a security warning I tend to recheck my settings and programs and get out of the page very quickly if there is any chance there is an actual problem
A3E157ZN8XPUKJ	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOKP4Y0	UnnamedCompany	839	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I believe there are ways of obtaining consent without jeopardizing the experiments. They could get permission from potential subjects for consent (stated in vague terms so the subjects wouldn't know exactly what the experiment was about), let some time elapse so subjects would forget that experiments are going to be conducted, and then set up double blind experiments using some of the subjects who consented to the research.	People should not be used for research experiments without their consent.				People shouldn't be used for research without their consent.  	People shouldn't be used for research experiments without their consent.	People should not be used for research without their consent. And I don't believe that it wouldn't be possible for researchers to get results through some other method. Why not use data from hacker attacks that have already transpired?\r\n		
A3E270G3B1Q8BR	3WQQ9FUS6AVPUZ6MP7MBUFIJ57I8BV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	576	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	I would not be happy if I put my credit card number and address into that only to find out it was fake. 							This could show someone a security problem without having to actually deal with it. Maybe they would be more careful in the future and avoid a potential threat	this could teach a lesson about phishing scams. 	I think if someone was not very computer savvy then it could make that person leery of Mturk 
A3E3SQ5QCZOHWI	39ZSFO5CA8XTAFBBG20XOVJLATDUJS	UnnamedCompany	592	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				I think it's always dicey when you are manipulating data with people's personal info, but as long as there are precautions being made it should be ok.			I feel like this is more manipulative than necessary.			
A3E4SMXXAWZ7TW	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I68NQOK	InsertPosts	428	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes		Violates privacy		Seems like a good topic that could provide useful information			Seems manipulative and violates users privacy		It seems like a worthwhile experiment, and they're not revealing anything personal	
A3E4VYRLXQ78SY	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46AJ0GP8	Twitter	1756	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It is a subject I think many people are curious about.		It is harmless.	I am curious about how careless people are with emails from people they know.  Email from friends are faked all the time.	It is a good idea for people to know that maybe in general they are not being as cautious as they should be online.	Experiment is harmless		It is harmless and somebody has to participate	I think it would be good for someone to know if they are being careful enough online.	I would want someone to know if they are not being careful with their online security
A3E6BYDQT3QTDL	3OE22WJIGIPAW2FOBSK6LWV7OMMUQW	Twitter	525	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	all computer activity as we become more dependent on the use should be researched and studied	yes, Twitter has become a part of everyday life and there should be studies to see the effect of its use.	hacking of people's password is a real issue and needs to be addressed	this is a big problem in internet use and needs to be researched and addressed	security is a critical part of safe computer use and should be researched and studied	all computer activity as we become more dependent on the use should be researched and studied	yes, Twitter has become a part of everyday life and there should be studies to see the effect of its use.	hacking of people's password is a real issue and needs to be addressed	this is a big problem in internet use and needs to be researched and addressed	security is a critical part of safe computer use and should be researched and studied
A3E8SXH0BAYG85	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRCS4CPS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	382	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes						This is dangerous.	facebook should not do research on their users.		Very bad idea	
A3EC73SBPRD2UF	3R9WASFE2ZHURCJP3Z8KQP68J6SZF4	UnnamedCompany	904	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Personal information is at risk 	See  above age limit	I'd like to know how to watch for this so I don't give out passwords - 	This is a great - inexpensive - way to educate the public 		Gathering information only - Doesn't matter 	I believe there should be an age limit to this experiment as well - my preteen came to mind and I wouldn't want her subject to manipulation - she's at a persuasive age.	If someone is stupid enough to give out passwords on sites that are different than where they would put in their password then - study away - I'd like to know what to watch out for...	I think its important we learn to not follow links to sites from e-mail ... I just did. 	I'm not sure how anyone else would respond
A3EEHYZ48WMOYX	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFUJIOE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	358	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	There is a bit too much risk and better ways to collect that information at this time.	Emotional control is risky when dealing with humans and can have some sever consequences. 	Extra care should be taken in a study like this to make sure that no identifiable information is collected.							
A3EER5EYR1W6TD	36AHBNMV1RDXO2VOG7BBOIUL1YRYDI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A3EEZBCAYBORO1	37M28K1J0QE9V6XDAXJ6OU7R30TAJO	Control	1191	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	Most people don't read spam, but some do. It will help to see how many people do read spam and what the effect is.	It doesn't hurt for the researchers to see what people's responses are based on their news feed	Just in case someone freaks out during the study because they think their password is being stolen	Students may get worried if they enter their password on an unknown website	just in case the security risks goes wrong and the participants have a panic attack	It helps to see how people respond to spam	It doesn't hurt anyone to be involved in this study. All it is doing is seeing responses of people based on what is in their news feed	No one is being hurt through this study. As long as researchers fill them in afterward	It will help researchers to see how people respond to these types of emails depending on how well they know the person	They are not at any real risk
A3EFBKYN6OPLJ9	39RP059MEHU4FO8QJ8WUZXJEP23MB9	WithoutPublication	972	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	If they change the spam code so it would not actually infect the computers. 	Shouldnt be allowed to change the words of another person 	Somehow code the passwords so the researchers dont know them. 	Maybe with a change of rules. It seems odd to do for the amount of risk. 	Again there is no risk. The only problem would be not telling people the truth. 	There is no major problem or risk to participate if the researchers are changing the spam. 	Researchers are changing the actual post	The researchers would still have your passwords. 	There is too much risk	There is no true risk or harm in the study. 
A3EGSX0VJT9G08	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4N0ZEOM	WithoutPublication	1759	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		It scares me the more psychology knows about us and can manipulate us.  	This is something that especially makes people angry. 	This could make alot of people mad, but honestly it would be a good experiment. I would like to see the results. 	It is good to see what type of warnings people will and will not respond to. 	This doesn't seem to serve a purpose.	I think this would be interesting, but I don't know to what application. 	This sort of thing i'm sure is done all the time. 	I would want them to learn a lesson, i'm always trying to tell people to watch out for this stuff.	Like the first experiment, I think this has a lesson for people. 
A3EHRIAXAZRU0U	3J88R45B2GZHDU84GKG45Y41DEDXP8	InsertPosts	493	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no										
A3EI06ED1UMSO5	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICU08OA	NoAdvertising	433	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	This one seems more risky even. How will they be sure they will maintain control of the computer?		As long as they are not actually collecting the information on people, it could be useful			This one seems more risky even. How will they be sure they will maintain control of the computer?	It could affect their mood	I wouldn't want them to risk giving up their passwords.		
A3EJ44J2ZNRMDA	3TU5ZICBRD2CY58B8PJ1P4DIRYSQ8G	Control	1828	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes			M ore than likely their research will be skewed because a savvy turker will see this hit for what it is and simply not do it or return it, in either case they wont get their data.  The people that do fall for it might only be doing iut because they would not expect a hit to try to collect their data.							
A3EL0KE8CSYHI	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC4ESHV	Control	431	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Viruses can quickly get out of hand				No harm to user	Yes, I think it's safe and helpful	It's not harmful		It prevents these from happening in uncontrolled situations	It's a great idea
A3EM49IJLS9JT0	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFMI94G	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	285	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3EMZRRD1ADOI3	3TU5ZICBRD2CY58B8PJ1P4DIR4NQ8N	WithoutImprovingProduct	237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						i believe everyone should be created equal				
A3EOTKLNZWZHCJ	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVU89Z58	NoAdvertising	2143	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no		This would mess with emotions.  The spam and phishing emails were harmless.  If someone is depressed this could really mess with their emotions.	There is no real risk to this survey.		Some people use mturk as their sole means of money making and to not be truthful and potentially mess up peoples earning is not ethical.	No one I know clicks on spam.	This would mess with emotions.  The spam and phishing emails were harmless.  If someone is depressed this could really mess with their emotions.			
A3EPIFIE8WBVVK	32Q90QCQ1SM7W3K78NL4LSXV3RLKEW	WithoutImprovingProduct	618	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent							It's deceptive			
A3ES2TNT3V1HE3	39LNWE0K4UXXF4R5YKFXCU4LXEVIUB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	832	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	I do not believe that it prevents undue psychological risk from the participants.	From what happened with Facebook the reaction of the public was not positive. This study has higher goals in mind and focuses on the positive so it is a little better, but it would still be considered a breech of trust.	There is no real harm done.	Breaching a person's trust and invading privacy can have negative psychological consequences.	If done correctly this study might be less psychologically damaging than the phishig attack.	Since purchases can include collecting billing information if the site did so this might be considered a breach of trust that would be perceived negatively psychologically by the participants upon discovery.	Facebook did this study and the fallout afterwards was negative, people do not like being manipulated.	I think that exposure to the attacks without them being malicious would be a good way to help them learn what they look like in a safe environment. I would probably have to tell them about it later.	This study unlike the other might be considered more invasive of privacy.	This study I do not think would be as negative psychologically.
A3ETO6CSDQZ3BN	373ERPL3YO9V8QFZO2JWLQJA1YNTRJ	NoAdvertising	423	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3EUTTOS08SBWJ	3FTF2T8WLRJHW7N7PQOLHPQFZ4DW9Z	WithoutPublication	541	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It does not seem very assured that it won't also give information to spammers	I think it's a useful thing to know	It's useful to study, although I think they might lose some data by not saving the passwords	It's still an important experiment, although I do think the conclusion is likely pretty obvious, and the results might just encourage phishers to get more creative	I think it's important to study	There are a lot of ways for this to go wrong, and they wouldn't find out about it and thus wouldn't learn	It's kind of manipulative, but it's not like they're creating new posts. It's possible that this could happen without the manipulation	They're not losing anything, and if it's a hit they're likely being paid	I think that it's manipulative, and unless there were some recompense afterward I'd be upset	It seems like useful research and since it's being revealed to them at the end they'd learn something from it
A3EW5OU2M6A3HY	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA86LY0	UnnamedCompany	874	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes	I think  an explanation  afterwards would be  warranted. 	I think it is  a  good  idea.	I do not think  MTurk could   say they could not post it. It  could be on the up and up.  I  personally would not do it.	I just think it  needs to be   overlooked   carefully but  others at the universary.	I do not see any harm in this  study.	Im not sure about this one. As  long as no personal information is being  gathered and   they do not acutally perchase  anything I do not see a problem with it.	I see no harm in this study.  IT would be interesting to know the outcome. We all  are influenced  by those  around  us and the moods of others. 	There is nothing to saw that someone is pretending to be a research on  Mturk. Easy enough to get an  account and post  a  study as  a researcher.  Could be a scam.	IF the researchers are  really on the up and up  I think it is  a good idea.  We need to  get to the  young people to be  careful  about  where they go and what  they do online.  IT would be a  good  lesson for  young and old.	I think this one would be fine. No  passwords or  information is being taken from Participants.  As long as  no  virus or anything  were being used  I think it would be interesting to know  how many people  continue and how many do not  preced when faced with   security  risk   possibilities.
A3EYF2KW8KX5QG	3GFK2QRXX9IYVKLVM0B459LDD8UW58	Twitter	610	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	There is a risk to keeping the computer under their control.	It needs to be an automated algorithm to ensure people are not reading over someone's posts. That would invasive.  There needs to be a good debrief afterwards.	The researchers need to be careful not to store the passwords at all, even for a few seconds.	It seems invasive and like a real phishing email. I don't think they should be allowed to see people's passwords are real.	The risks are minimal.	It just seems sketchy.	It doesn't really bother me as long as they debrief them afterwards. I don't think the person would gain or lose anything major.	It seems a bit invasive to use the real techniques. Then again, my family members might learn what techniques they need to be on the lookout for. They are gullible on the internet.	it seems like a very invasive study to look at their Facebook profiles without permission and to verify those are valid passwords. While it is unlikely to happen, a researcher could use those passwords in a real phishing attack.	There are no real security risks and it might help them to pay more attention to security warnings. I have many family members who have so much malware on their computer because they ignore security warnings.
A3F0BAA7UO7079	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKERCUT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	361	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	effectiveness of spam isn't an ethical topic		seems like a good cause	passwords should be secure	make sure participants haven't had panic attacks in past					no real risk involved
A3F1MQL3OQS4CF	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21AAM32	WithoutImprovingProduct	914	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	The nature of this experiment isn't nearly as controlled as the previous ones so caution would absolutely be required.		Only if the research team was carefully monitored themselves as I bet many wouldn't even change their passwords after this study.	Helping people learn from such attacks is an extremely important endeavor.	The potential gain of this study outweighs the in reality non-existent security risk.	I feel like this method could be considered to invasive for many, but it may very well be required for us to learn how to best combat spammers.	Facebook is pretty much an evil company at this point, and I would rather they didn't study people close to me for something they would try to manipulate for their own gain.	I feel like there is much to be gained from doing this as long as it is handled properly.	I want everyone close to me to be able to recognize and ignore these sorts of messages.	These sorts of studies are necessary for us to learn.
A3F23C3ABMM0W0	3M68NM076H8P6S4NSPB3AGRWHNQ6RT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	682	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Would help further progress on the effectiveness of spam and possibly come up with ways to help slow or stop spam.	Not informing people has some ethical risk but the risk to the subjects is minor.	Workers are debriefed and since it is a controlled environment no harm comes to the workers.	Students will be debriefed and can exclude their data as well. Since it's a controlled environment there is no risk to the students.	It's explained pretty well to participants that they would come to no harm in the debriefing.		Would be interesting to see their though process.			Wouldn't matter to me.
A3F269MU8PYRW7	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XLO127	UnnamedCompany	334	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent				The uproar over breach of privacy seems like it could shut this experiment down quickly.						
A3F3NRWMXT6E2S	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYCNRDM	NoAdvertising	1672	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	there is a lot of falsification in this study	There is little to be gained from this study and those who use facebook regularly will not be getting the full experience.	Some of those people who fall for the tricks may not so easily be convinced their passwords were not stolen.	enough spam	There is no risk.	Spam is bad enough without spamming the spammmers	There are no real ramifications however there is also no real purpose.	No risk, if they are compensated then great	spam is annoying	There is no risk involved so I wouldn't mind if they participated, but would only encourage them if there was decent compensation.
A3F55JJCVTTCCW	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF455MB	UnnamedCompany	3156	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no	To allow spammers free range can be opening a door that could expose some security breaches	I'm not sure of the validity of the purpose of this  statement. The thought that comes to mind is " to what end ". why ?	It seems like a frivolous exercise.The problem is a serious one, efforts could be conducted to eliminate it entirely	It opens  a pandoras' box of issues about privacy	Again, I think its inherently redundant	As long as the experiment is internally controlled , it doesn't appear to pose any issues	No, I would prefer fro my friends to manifest their emotions in an unbiased fashion without external input	Hacking is a problem whether its one person being hacked or a million.The percentage is irrelevant.	Phishing, regardless of the context, is  a malicious act	If someone is not smart enough to avoid a risk AFTER being warned of a potential security breach, I'm not sure they are capable of making an informed decsion
A3F5PIRBEASC5W	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9K48SA	NoAdvertising	998	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Researchers would be using deceiving methods to collect information and I do not think this is right.	I think the researchers would use sneaky tactics to gather information.	I think researchers would be using a participants time and efforts without their consent.	I think they would be using sneaky tactics to gather data.	I think a candidate needs to provide their consent.	I think the researchers tactics would be invasive. They would also be wasting a participant's time by leading them to believe that they are purchasing a product.	I believe the candidate should have to give their consent before being included in this experiment.	I think this persons time would be wasted.	I would not want my friend to give their time to an experiment without being told so ahead of time.	I do believe that candidates should remain anonymous but I do not like the methods used in gathering this information.
A3F5Q03W9M6X25	317HQ483I7TKKE7W1J3BYZCRPJUIND	Twitter	538	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A3F6SDO4GYBE4Y	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHALH0J	WithoutImprovingProduct	253	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A3F90N8YVKJ4I7	3L70J4KAZGNWSKXL01XVLWCEY46DAZ	InsertPosts	839	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	They might damage the person's computer.	If Facebook is ok with it, I guess they can do whatever they want.	They are helping people.	Seems like using deception in this case is wrong.	Seems harmless even though deception is used.	I think the study is too intrusive.	People are not on Facebook so they can be studied.	They might learn that they do certain things that put their password at risk.	Seems like it puts people in a dangerous position.  The data could be compromised.	Seems safe enough.  Not sure it would benefit the participant though.
A3F9LV00AT24QX	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTULS9Q	Twitter	1081	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent		Again, I see no harm and its an interesting theory	I think this is a good idea if security measures are generated because of it	the verifying password part scares me.  	I don't see any harm in the experiment so yes	sounds cool but I don't feel safe for people on this	see no harm and its an interesting theory	I think this could benefit everyone and make them more aware of different scam methods so yes	I can't say yes or no. I don't see this experiment providing useful info	If they were never at any real risk, then I wouldn't mind them participating. Other than that, I can't say I'd "want" them to participate because not enough info was given as to what changes the results would dictate
A3FA2TAR5QBXC6	3NQL1CS15R9JIJVA7SB5U40S1A3YVZ	Control	863	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	This is a situation that could deteriorate quickly if the utmost precautions are not taken. 	Caution must be observed because by excluding "negative" posts there is a slight chance that the participants will miss some information that might be important to them e.g. learning of the death of an acquaintance or relative. 	There are too many ways this set-up could be abused in the form of a large scale scam. 	Natural caution must be taken to insure not only that useful data is collected but that the students rights of privacy are not infringed. 	This should be performed only with a great many checks in place so that it cannot be abused by the researchers. 	I believe this is a worthwhile study and it is one that exposes the participants to very minimal risk	There is no risk involved but I do not see the point of this survey except as an act of academic research without obvious practical value.	It would be very difficult to determine if this was an actual study or if it was an elaborate scam using the HIT system	yes it poses minimal risk and it is about a subject (phishing) that has become a fairly large problem over the last few years. 	the risk is non-existent and the subject matter is important.
A3FA9K65GUM0W5	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSGZYLZ9	WithoutPublication	1377	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This project would need a TON of oversight.	There must be a different venue for such an experiment.	Slippery slope. There's the possibly of backlash from subjects.	Again, slippery slope.	Any project like this needs oversight.	Slippery slope. Credit card information? Slippery.	This seems like a violation of people's general right not to be fucked with.	This seems like the previous experiment and a slippery slope.	Seems like a slippery slope. I would feel kind of violated if I was in that person's position.	This seems ok as no personal information is being divulged by the participant.
A3FCCMXFY0A28Z	36PW28KO4ZX1KQBLWW8FREUZYG8AEQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	295	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3FDNHL34V9B9S	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4N1QEOF	InsertPosts	641	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	They should be able to proceed with this because spamming has become a real problem in the age we live in.	This would be interesting to find out because so many people post their whole life stories on Facebook.	This really is a good experiment to learn how to stop password stealing.	This seems like a slight invasion of privacy, although this is a very likely phishing tactic.	This would help realize which warnings actually work with people.	It would not matter to me if he or she was part of this experiment because no real damage can be done.	This doesn't hurt anyone, only helps.	I would like for he or she to be aware that it can happen to  him too.	It wouldn't matter to me.	It would be fine for them to be in the experiment.
A3FFZN4FO3Q789	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7U9CMQ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	353	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A3FG0NQ86CSOWS	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4L2XJF	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		why not					if they want to 		it's up to them	
A3FGGLSILVSCA	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IR0JOOA	InsertPosts	1114	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no				Yes, it may also teach participants to be more careful with their information.						I'd rather save them the stress of thinking there is a security issue.
A3FGTIFT433L94	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024C3VMKQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	687	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	This study could help reduce the amount of spam that is sent in the future.	Not without the permission of the users, not facebook owners.	It gets a little personal when dealing with passwords and personal information.  I would like to see more information from the research group in order to be more comfortable with this.  I can see where it can serve a great purpose however it is a very touchy subject.	As long as the university is okay with it.	As long as the companies they are working for are okay with it.					There is no harm in the experiement
A3FH8OSFWOLI7A	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED63FE5Y	Twitter	388	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3FJ79JZ9MO6GB	3NGI5ARFTT69NTNB9RVXAP008UA1PM	WithoutPublication	286	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes			Informed consent.							
A3FJP1C9AQA0XZ	392CY0QWG1SYY6XQJEOFZQ6RYCG4I5	Control	367	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent			Not as currently described.				It's not a third parties place to decide what news should or shouldn't be delivered to users.	It's wrong to make people unwilling part of a study that deceives them.		
A3FLSYQ0YZ1EA	3PPTZCWALQLRI19YHFJE2OAMQ6EQZY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	286	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A3FO0AK3PG8ZDK	3XCC1ODXDLCIGAN77YP1GL8NHQTRQ6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	9590	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It's a legit study and it may produce some statistics that show spam in a new light	participants should be made aware of this experiment.				Although Im not a fan of spam or even clicking the link, I can not control what another adult does with their computer.		In networking class I was taught to stop a hacker you have to think like a hacker. It would be great for those that are not aware of how these things work to get a look on the inside.		
A3FP4YWBOZKPKZ	3TAYZSBPLL9DP6LZKCZ5ADFGNOES21	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	218	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes						I think this would be okay.				
A3FPI35H4SOUGJ	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL6DE4V2	InsertPosts	408	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A3FPXLLF0B8CIC	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGBIU1R	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	274	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			I think this experiment is useless and wouldn't prove anything							
A3FQC8ZAQ7SYEJ	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBYB6LJ	InsertPosts	627	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	This experiment puts too many innocent people at risk.	There is no one harmed in this experiment.	This study has important results and the participants are later informed about the study.	The results are important, but they should have access to their real passwords.	The results of this are very important.	This makes me uncomfortable that researchers would allow spam to take place but not inform the victims or try to prevent it.	I don't see how this study is harming anyone.	This study doesn't bother me because personal information is not being stored.	I am uncomfortable knowing that the researchers would have access to the person's password.	It wuld make me uncomfortable to know they were lied to.
A3FTWLLUGZQYD0	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CGJNAI	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	818	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It seems fraudulent and unethical 		Study participants could become angry they were misled.	It would be a valuable study.			It it deceitful and manipulative.	I think it will not harm anyone, and educate on ways to keep your passwords safe.	It seems harmless and phishing is a major problem.	It seems harmless.
A3FV2JDFHQTIAM	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4Q50K45	WithoutImprovingProduct	2587	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Once again I think the participants should be made aware of their involvement	This would be an invasion of people's rights to me. If people do not want to see negative post they could delete that person themselves	I think it would be a good idea to educate people on this matter, so they could learn to be cautious. 	Personal information should be kept confidential. 		I think individuals should be sent the results if they are going to be in the research. 	I have friends on both ends, I think if i didnt see their post it would stop a lot of negative thoughts on my end	Individuals need to understand the seriousness of this so they can use caution in the future		People are made aware of the results, and i think it would be beneficial to them
A3FX92P1UP60P3	3PQMUDRV7R7S6DW543QJTRGA3UAIIR	WithoutImprovingProduct	1052	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Facebook or any other group should not modify the content of news feeds.	I believe they should be able, but that their studies should be overseen by an independent body, and there should be checks to ensure that private passwords are not being collected.		I believe it is necessary to deceive people to gather accurate data. No harm will come to people and the situation of receiving a security warning online is fairly common.	As long as they understood what they were taking part in.  If it is the researcher's computer I would hope they were smart enough to use a specifically chosen computer and not one with personal information stored on it.	Facebook should not change people's news feeds.	I think they might learn from the task and be less likely to give out personal information in the future.		Because they might learn more about their own online behavior and how to keep themselves safe in the face of security warnings.
A3FYJQQRZL4KJ8	33LK57MYLT63VHOB9J8JXOPN8SPSZB	NoAdvertising	3380	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes			This research is not important. It has been done before by many academic researchers. Why reinvent the wheel.		I would be afraid users would return the hit thinking there was an actual security risk. I believe this would be deceiving to users not knowing they are fictitious security warnings. I believe this has not been done in the past because of the misleading nature of it.			Because network security has a lot of tricks and traps meant to reveal personal information. As a network security professional I would not feel comfortable having a person participate in this study. Plus it's not hard to figure out the "FRACTION" of users that fall prey to this without testing.		
A3FZ85SWR9N4NK	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSGSDL4	InsertPosts	472	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	It is potentially very dangerous, but more knowledge is always better.	The negative posts could cause negative reactions in people who are at risk.  Also, the people who are exposed to the negative and positive should have a control group of some sort.	This could easily be used for malign reasons, so caution is needed to continue on with the experiment.	Knowledge is a good thing, but the potential misuse is a high risk.	With no real risk, it is a good prompt to expose people to possible risks and reactions.	Spam is potentially very dangerous and I don't believe in advertising in general.	It is their choice seeing as it is not necessarily beneficial or malignant in general.	It depends on the person's wishes and personal feelings on computer security.	Potential misuse is too high.	This would help them with security risks, so it is a good thing for them.
A3FZVKTXVQIA8Q	3ZSY5X72NXCFVYARSLXXRGDN2PCORW	Twitter	4366	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes			It's important to know this information and learn from these types of studies. 	It's important information	I think it's a good experiment. 	I feel it's important to notify those involved after the experiment. 		It's a good way to inform people in a controlled environment. 	It's a good way to inform people in a secure environment. 	I feel it would make them more aware in a setting that doesn't pose a real risk. 
A3G310AMOLWASE	3IUZPWIU1O81D36YTNFA7Y4VAYVWKZ	Twitter	745	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	Same reason as above. The study is unethical because participants are not aware they are included in the study.	The researchers should obtain the consent of the people whose Twitter feeds will be modified to hide negative tweets before the study can continue. This shouldn't affect the outcome of the study if the friends of those involved remain unaware that the person's feed is being filtered. As long as the person whose feed is being filtered is ok with the researchers manipulating it, the study could proceed.	No, for the reason stated above. I also think that if I were to find out I was included in such a study after the fact, I would be unwilling to participate in further HITs in the future for fear that I was unknowingly being included in a study that was capturing my information without my consent.	It is an invasion of privacy to go through someone's address book and use their information in an attempt to trick them, even if the intent of the research is good.	Researchers should be certain that the participants have agreed to participate in their study, and during the study, be sure not to intercept personal or private information that the participant may not have agreed to share.	The study is unethical because the participants have not provided their consent to be included.	It is unethical to include a person in a study without their consent.	This study is unethical because the participants have not provided consent that they wish to participate. 	It is unethical to include people in a study who have not given their consent that they wish to participate.	In this study, it appears that participants are aware they are consenting to participate in the study up front, and no personal information is being intercepted without the participant's knowledge.
A3G3GR3F5Y9G1N	3ZR9AIQJUBANRBGAFOZ9TM6VC6W40J	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	295	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A3G3VVRG5OUHUB	38BQUHLA9W1OYIXZND1G5HJDW36MO1	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1562	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no	I do not see any issues with this experiment as it seems it would be completed outside of MTurk.  This would be less harmful than the actual spammer itself and may result in increased awareness in the participants.	I do not see any issues with this experiment.  However, users may get frustrated if they do not get to see the posts as they should.	I'm not sure what techniques would be used so I cannot say.  As long as it does not break amazon's TOS it should be fine.	I do not see any issues with the research. Granted that the participants will be informed that nothings was stolen.	It depends where the experiment is conducted and in what manner.  If we are talking about creating a HIT requiring the user to download an application, this would be against amazon's TOS and I would not participate.	I would prefer that friends and family avoid spam e-mails as much as possible.	I do not mind either way.	That doesn't sound like an experiment I would like a friend to participate in, even if no information is stolen.	Same as usual, I do not want cared ones to be in these kinds of situations.	Since there is no way to ensure that none of the security threats were real, I would most likely not recommend it to a loved one (especially if they are not tech savvy).
A3G4SJREB8K0BG	3CCZ6YKWR7KNJO8NTP1CRPD2F6G59W	InsertPosts	657	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A3G55RJTW3BSGM	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHNNUFI	Twitter	12340	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3G5K7JR6T7RYG	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEMU9U1	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	590	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	This is a very prevalent issue these days and finding could be useful.	It is not harmful and could produce interesting results for some people	I think there could be a slight concern for security risks.	Some useful results may be produced.	Security is a big issue these days so the study would be beneficial.		I have no interest in the experiment so it would not matter to me one way or the other	I would be skeptical because how could it be guaranteed that none of the researchers would steal passwords.	There is not a security risk so it would be okay	There are no real security risks so it would be fine.
A3G6QSDL87BCP0	3RU7GD8VPOU9HDM5MAAH6QN9YV6SPI	InsertPosts	612	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no				I don't like the idea that information on facebook and university websites could be used like that without consent.					It may save them from an actual phishing scam later in life.	
A3G7E9FB4N1Z4C	36TFCYNS44BP0DAGX78ZWP2ARKLHXZ	NoAdvertising	1227	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Yes, so they could come up with an extension, or add-on to stop email spam scripts. 	Yes, because there are people who think in positive and negatives which I think is silly. 	Yes, so they could invent a web extension, or add-on to stop that from happening.	Yes, if they develope an add-on, or extension phishing block script. 	yes, as long as teach the participants on how to avoid these security warnings. 	So they could see the world of spam, and how people are making tons of  money off there email ads using web email extractors myself. 	so they know that they could get there positive or negative posts excluded from showing up on feed. 	Yes, as long as they didn't actually get there password stolen. 	Yes, so they could watch out for suspicious Html coded URL's, they may not be authentic, so I would  tell them go to the actual business.com page. 	Yes, only if they can presented the security warnings and how to avoid them. 
A3G7QV8LQSKE38	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTS19SJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	228	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	no										
A3G8IM9K6KETS1	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58EXN1Y	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	4060	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										It does no actually harm to their computer and can be used as a teaching experiment.
A3G9MSZVWB7W42	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8OE8VV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	6651	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A3G9OMA8BFA7V0	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FD04M5	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	358	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	no										
A3GB0M3H6Z9OJ1	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TBDP9QL	UnnamedCompany	665	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	no			I believe there is a better way to find results for a question such as this one. Many people have been in the situation and would probably be willing to just tell you about their experience. 		It is true the results would be skewed if people knew about the study they would be apart of but it is still deception if they don't know before hand. It is good to tell them at the end but you may lose their trust. 		I believe this is a valid study for the period that we are in. Many people use social media and are exposed to both positive and negative post everyday. It would be interesting to find the results of this study. 			All HITS that I have been a part of have been up-front and trustworthy. I don't think it's worth losing people over and that is what I feel may happen if they do this study in deception.
A3GDJDD7I821UN	3634BBTX0OV8WMUF3VKYQU3INT3FI0	Control	453	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	Seems too complicated to be effective	It could be controversial	I believe it has good intentions but there should be oversight into how it is conducted			Seems like an ineffective methodology	By using Facebook you are already publicizing your information and giving up your right to privacy	It is better to know the extent of the threat	It seems harmless because it is anonymous	Appears harmless
A3GFRHC0QSBM86	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XF2OL54	WithoutImprovingProduct	1513	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It's important that their information is kept private.		It is important to know how people fall victim to prevent such an occurrence.	Make sure their personal information is kept private. 				As long as their information isn't being collected by the researchers, I think this is an important research experiment.	It is important to know about this so they can avoid being phished.	
A3GGFJXHK63H8Y	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFAX492	Control	701	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	See above. Not sure on the morality of all that. But I might not be totally understanding how it works. Had to read the first few lines a few times.	Again, doesn't seem very important and even though Facebook is public, it's a bit of an invasion of privacy unless they are told their profile information was used.	You would have to totally guarantee that no information was stolen by the researchers and I for one would feel uneasy not knowing if they actually stored the passwords or not (regardless of what they said)	Yes, but with caution. It doesn't say anything about them deleting information about the passwords the students enter or giving them a change to change their password afterwards which seems like a security issue.	I don't even see any safety issues with this one. 	On one hand, it would be good information. On the other it sounds like people are still being scammed and the researchers are just watching it?	It sounds interesting, but not necessarily important.	Again, seems like a good idea to study how/why people fall for these scams in order to educate	Yes - It sounds like a thing worth studying since it's such a big issues these days	Sounds like a worthy experiment since you can see how different situations and warnings affect peoples decisions with computers and can help in creating better warnings.
A3GH7GVSCQH5V3	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKS0SVE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	424	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes		Facebook is untrustworthy	Should always err on the side of caution.		Always whenever dealing with security, tread with caution.		Honestly with the way Facebook has delt with user data its hard to say that I trust them for anything.	THe more data the researchers get the better understanding they have.		Again, the more information the researchers are able to aquire the better understanding they will have.
A3GIEO5TAX2IWQ	32N49TQG3GJIM1X7RMXPRIILYNAVA4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1058	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The results of the research could be beneficial in the long run, and the persons participating in the study are not being harmed.	Breech in privacy, and may mess with the participants' psyche. May make them depressed to see all their friends happy?	It may be a little embarrassing for the persons who are tricked but because there is no actual theft of passwords and the participants are made aware of the fact, there is no problem and the researchers should proceed.	It may seem like a breech of privacy to go looking in a person's facebook in order to phis better, but if the participants can opt out of the study afterwards I see no real harm being done.	Same as above. No harm no foul.	Hopefully the person I cared for would not skew the results of the study. I have no preference because the person I cared for is not being harmed by the study.	This study seems to involve messing with privacy of the participants who are then not told that they were participating in a study and also are not given the option to omit their results.	Because no actual theft or collection of password occurred I would not mind if someone I cared for participated in this research.	Again, it does not hurt the person I care for so I have no preference.	My cared for person is not being hurt so I don't care.
A3GITAGLIO551J	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QK7NUCT	NoAdvertising	766	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	I am concerned about the researchers ability to maintain control of the infected computer.  And I wonder if you can do an experiment where the subjects don't know they are subjects.	People shouldn't be part of an experiment on Social Media without their consent.		I don't think that sending students a link to a one of their university's websites is a good way to measure accuracy of phishing attacks.  I would click something like that but I would never click something from Paypal or my bank.						
A3GJKJEDJDBL0A	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46AKMPG5	WithoutImprovingProduct	811	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	the participants should be told after they make the purchase that the store had been disabled and their purchase was recorded.	No one's emotional state should be manipulated without their knowledge.	Ideally people should at least be told such a thing might happen.  Tell them a month before hand, that it will start eventually.  In that amount of time, they will relax their guard.  At least this way they were warned.	Again, i do not like the idea of testing people without their consent.	There is too much potential for causing harm to participants.  This falls under the provisio that testing people without their consent is wrong.	i do have a problem with this,in that no attempt is made to later on tell people that their purchases did not go through.  They should be told later on, that it was a fake purchase.  maybe after they actually make the purchase, send them to a screen explaining this was a fake site, and that they had been protected against spam.	This is being done without their consent.  It's too much like emotional rape.	How would we know if they weren't actually stealing passwords?  Right now i'm tempted to return this HIT, because of this listing.	I do not like the principal on testing people without their consent.	Depending on the security warning, you could cause somebody to reformat their drive and reload windows.  There is too much potential for unnecessary harm.
A3GJYPP2F2E318	30OG32W0SUC8495A50DKDKEZXV5NE1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	459	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes			does not store passwords- minimally invasive		no risk, non-invasive					no risk
A3GKFIGUQZZQS1	32EYX73OY0AA83UOO796QM5CKCFURW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	605	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					The experiment does no harm to the participant other than the anxiety potentially created by the faux situation.					It doesn't matter whether I know or care about a person subjected to the test. The test should have randomized selections of participants without the test team knowing who they are or what their backgrounds or experiences are.
A3GNUA19YJ4LVL	39N5ACM9HEORCYQ6D4AQPVIJ6CA9PR	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	888	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no		They're withholding information that someone normally has access to.	It seems a little sketchy considering they can view the password, but it doesn't matter too much because they're not really taking the information.	It seems like a slight invasion of privacy.	See above.	I feel as if after the experiment they should inform the participants whether or not they remain anonymous. Also, they're being spammed for a study and that seems a little unfair.	They are withholding information from someone who is unaware. It seems as if it could negatively affect someone as well.	Again, the researchers aren't being malicious with the information collected.	As long as the researchers aren't being malicious in their studies it doesn't really matter to me.	It seems like a legitimized experiment. Also no security risks are actually present.
A3GO5L86SKLUIK	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4QFQK4F	UnnamedCompany	1852	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	As suggested above, this study seems narrowly designed to achieve an outcome it is not clear could otherwise be attained.	As noted above, I believe this experiment to be unethical. Altering news feeds without specific prior consent violates the trust a user depends on in accessing the network. It is possible, as well, that important news items--even items important to the relationship between the parties, or to the recipient's well-being--will be omitted by such a haphazard methodology. Also, less-intrusive means may be available for studying the effects of emotionally salient patterns in a newsfeed.	I have some doubts, as the study could make some users feel misled or more insecure. But they would not be deceived about others, per se, and could learn a valuable lesson about online security. 	I am doubtful but am not confident enough to say no outright. "Probably not, and with a default answer of no" would I think be my answer here. While it is unclear if this information could be obtained without a similar study design, it might be better to forgo such a study altogether. Something seems especially intrusive about misrepresenting the actions of specific personal friends.	There appears to be no less-deceptive way to acquire the information this study would provide, nor does the warning deprive them of unfettered access to a core function of a service in the way altering a social network newsfeed does. 	There seems to be little harm in this experiment, which appears to protect privacy well and merely provides apparent purchase options and does not compel action or deprive participants of information other than information as to the nature of the deception itself, whereas the social network experiment deprived users of additional and possibly personally important data.	I believe this experiment to be unethical. Altering news feeds without specific prior consent violates the trust a user depends on in accessing the network. It is possible, as well, that important news items--even items important to the relationship between the parties, or to the recipient's well-being--will be omitted by such a haphazard methodology.	Unless there was reason to think my acquaintance were particularly vulnerable, the study seems important enough to allow. 	The deception here appears a bit more substantial than in some other studies. Some people's feelings about friends may be altered in lasting ways (the mind can be funny that way) despite their subsequent better judgment. 	As long as the screening process prevented individuals with relevantly idiosyncratic and overwhelming emotional vulnerability to the security warning from participating (and assuming the known person were not in such a properly-excluded category), I would have no problem with her participating in useful research that would likely benefit many users over time.
A3GOLAR9A7VYCZ	30H4UDGLT2J6JI902DEVUHO36FHMPB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	626	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes						I'd be interested to know if the person I cared about was susceptible to spam.	this could negatively impact a person	Again, I would want them to know how susceptible they were to these types of scams.	The students will find out if they were fooled by this type and scam and be on guard in the future.	
A3GPHV34P40H2I	3OF2M9AATGP57YB34AZH62YDR7BZKI	Control	916	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes		facebook may be free to join but that does not give them the right to manipulate the news feed for experiments	results should be published on Turk	not without knowing the point of the experiment		I support this just because people are idiots if they click on a spam email, and spammers should be punished	I would not want someone I cared about used by facebook to deceive others	not sure about this one, seems reasonable as an experiment	again, I would not want someone I cared about be used to deceive others	reasonable, people should pay attention to what they click on
A3GQ6KDIZWCMW6	3WJ1OXY92AHKBP1UJTMFZ4YDNDKA81	WithoutImprovingProduct	432	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent		i don't want them messing with my feeds. I want to see the feed as is. 		seems a bit ethically murky. 						
A3GVIO0THJXK51	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOY2VS78	NoAdvertising	525	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3GZZOCHCF1RV3	3I02618YA07PWQE9BF5HLR5XJSTPUX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	906	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no			because it would be a violation	It would be a good idea to show students that they have to be careful but it is still a violation of privacy and they would be giving passwords out that could end up who knows where						
A3H15VWFKQJUI8	3NPFYT4IZC5B0HF5D1QHBPQ9CLKXGU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	unsure	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	I'm not sure, I would like to see more information					I have no preference				
A3H21T1W2RI29U	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YUXRE0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1483	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This study might be a little unnecessary	The idea of social media continuing to try to direct our thoughts more is slightly disturbing.	This may be shaky ground and get flagged for phishing.	Identifying how phishing works is a great step toward combating it.	Be aware that many users may just return the hit upon seeing the warning	Allowing spam to be sent even for research is a little too much	I like the Idea of the experiment, but seems a little big brother-esque to me.			
A3H3U25KN2ZHFU	3Y9N9SS8LYCW8ZY0RMILYOY8SUBD30	Control	988	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	I could see the benefits. It might allow for better control of the spammers. But I don't like the idea of users not knowing.	I can't think of a reason researchers should be allowed to proceed.	I think the participants should be informed of what is going on.	I don't think it will do any good.	I think people should always be informing of what the real purpose of their task.	I would not want anyone to have to have their computer infected with something that would allow spammers to control it. Even for an experiment.	I think it would be an interesting experiment. So i would be all for a friend participating.	I don't like participants to be deceived. I think if you told people what research was being conducted they wouldn't change their habits.	I think that people are already aware of phishing techniques. Yet they continue to fall for them. 	If you give people a false security warning it will make them trust the real ones less.
A3H6C8N09ZMJEO	32SCWG5HIH54UFO8FX7E5LRHG45P6L	WithoutPublication	536	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	People are very intolerant of what they would consider their privacy being violated.	This would be very grey area as it would tamper with the posting on an external site.				Regardless if I knew the person or not it is a valid scientific study and they should participate, nothing is being done to them or collected that would be harmfull.	Same as the prior one.			Same as prior answer.
A3H77E04IQX69C	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYMDECM	Twitter	426	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	Yes, because it doesn't seem to do much more harm than spam would anyway. Still, it's a bit unnecessary.					It seems this research wouldn't hurt them more than the original spam would.				
A3H7ENB6BNCAUS	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RGV9BV9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1025	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	All information should be given to candidates...and a questionnaire for a pre-screening as well to determine who would be likely to succumb to the psychological manipulation. Especially special needs people.	Every potential participant should be given all the details and be explained that there is a big chance that their mood will be altered.	I see only positive education coming out of this.	In the end it will (hopefully) prevent more phishing and hacking.	If it helps them in progressing with security, I'm all for it.	I don't feel as though every single person on Facebook has the mental maturity to not be affected by this kind of experiment, even if they know about it ahead of time.	It seems as though this experiment would affect moods, which is essentially emotional/psychological manipulation.	Again, a lot of people are naïve to just how easy it is to be hacked!	I know a lot of people who are very naïve when it comes to technology and the ease of which a person could get hacked...they need to be educated.	I don't see the harm in this as compared to the previous scenario. This experiment is changing moods, its just getting a reaction.
A3H871MAA37CLY	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZWTVXU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2383	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	no	It would be difficult to get an accurate sample. It would be better to track the actual emails being sent, collect data on what activities of the web page and keep track of how many times the link was clicked. By tracking the perpetrators  for a short amount of time you may also be able to collect evidence against them.			First, some students may not be 18 years old and legally that may be a problem. Second, this study is only reaching a small demographic that will not accurately portray how older adults deal with phishing attacks. Also, students are paying this university for an education, not to be guinea pigs. This would be like asking any store to do this to there customers by giving out there emails. Lastly, these students are not getting compensated for there work in the study on top of not being notified they would be part of a study. Researchers can find a more creative way to do this experiment or at the very least send an email at the beginning of the school year asking if students would be willing to participate in an experiment at some point during the school year. Then do this experiment later in the year when most have forgotten about this agreement.  	Not only could the participants undergo undue stress, but the research data maybe tainted by people closing there browsers, shutting off there computers or other wise disconnecting from the task. It would be hard to tell if this response was intentional or if they were accidentally disconnected. 		No this is completely unethical.	Unlike the other studies the person has agreed to do something AND they are not falsely told there is a security risk. As I said earlier if they think there is a security risk they may be under undue stress or compromise the experiment by disconnecting, closing there browser or shutting off there computer.	The students have no say in weather or not to participate. Even when researchers are 'tricking' people into thinking a survey or study is about something else that person agrees to be part of a survey or study. 	During the time the study took place and it's true nature was concealed the participant would be under stress. Some of the people I care about have medical conditions where stress is not good for them.
A3H8EVK99GT3V2	3TDXMTX3CBVCDT1422HUWOQ5U3KI62	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes										
A3H9A9RWEEL8FY	3TE22NPXPBD4QZYBYPMB5PW8TKA441	InsertPosts	468	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I feel like they would be able to control the experiment enough for no real harm to come of it	It's a difficult topic since people tend to take social media seriously.	It seems useful for future means to protect individuals.	It seems like both a useful study for the researchers and participants.	It seems like a useful experiment and no real harm is done.	It seems useful but a bit annoying to deal with.	It seems like a sensitive issue and may have emotional effects.	It will give them experience and insight into security measures.	It would teach them precautions.	I don't think it would harm them so I really wouldn't mind them participating.
A3H9PXHKC9MKUN	3UWN2HHPUY69ESAS6VXP21IEYKDSN2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	618	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	no	It sounds like a very interesting study, something I would be willing to participate in.	All users should have consented to join the test and be aware they are being tested	It sounds good in theory, but in practice it sounds very scary and potentially they can be sued. 	Sounds interesting, but very troublesome and easy to get sued.	No actual security risks would make it a good learning experiment.			I wouldn't want anyone to know my passwords or someone i know's password.	I wouldnt want anyone to know my passwords	
A3HAPMZV7CYDY8	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I62WOQF	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	10763	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent	It seems well thought out and fine	It could affect the research if not done right	It depends on how it would affect the situation	It should be perfectly fine and work fine	It seems well thought out and could be done	It wouldn't matter either way	It would be viable to my interest	It wouldn't be part of my interest	It wouldn't be of my interest	It wouldn't matter to me
A3HEPBN519T8XA	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024CU5MKI	NoAdvertising	818	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Anything to stop spam, its so annoying.	If the results of this experiment could save life and prevent other tragedies I am all for it. 	if it improves password security I don't see why not. 	Anything to stop phishing and thieft.	If it improves the security I don't see why not. 	Spam is invasive. It invades a persons privacy and crashes computers.	People have been negatively affected by post on Facebook, especially young people. If my friend were at risk or could become " psychologically-vulnerable I would want some type of fail safe in place to protect them. 	It seems harmless and it is for educational purposes.	I would be worried about vital personal information getting out.	It seems harmless the researchers are not exposing them to anything that may hurt them.
A3HESAZCL7VE4E	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASSSLE4	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1248	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	It sounds to risky and some of the researchers could use the information that they receive against the unwilling participants.	I think they could do this experiment but if i was one of the participants I would want to know what they are doing and what information is being kept from me.	I think it is a good experiment and could prove to be very helpful to prevent hackers from stealing peoples' passwords.	I would say yes that they should be allowed to proceed with this experiment as long as the don't use any of the data that they collect against any of the students.	I believe that this study could benefit in the help to design future computer security warnings.	I think the experiment sounds kind of risky for the fact that the researchers don't let the candidates know that they are a part of a study.	No, because they are keeping information from the participants that they may what to know	I wouldn't mind being part of this experiment because at least they researchers let you know of the experiment.	The experiment sounds legit and offers the participants to exclude their data if they want. It also lets all of the students know that this was part of a research experiment.	The experiment sounds harmless and could prove to be beneficial to help design future computer security warnings.
A3HHELRGSYTBYX	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALSHC5K	WithoutImprovingProduct	668	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	This experiment doesnt seem totally safe.			This just seems very wrong.	It seems harmless.	I just dont think this experiment is a very good idea.	It seems harmless but I just dont see the need for it.	It seems okay as long as they inform the participants at the end.	It seems wrong to impersonate someones friend to collect data for an experiment.	It is harmless. There is no real security risk.
A3HI1NA9P8Z3GC	326O153BMIZZIXEXG6ZHHF25JJ7EDY	WithoutImprovingProduct	1492	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Doing something without someone's consent is a bit shady. Doing it and potentially getting their credit card information is even shadier. On the other hand, at least the real spammers aren't getting their credit card info. But that logic is a slippery slope. 	Facebook is a corporation. If they are allowed to conduct this seemingly innocuous experiment on their users without consent, then what's to stop them (or other corporations) from manipulating their users in other, more sinister ways. Plus, I just don't like the idea of corporations trying to figure out how to influence my mood without my knowledge.	They are following standard experiment protocol, and the results would be valuable. 	I think that they have to be cautious because this experiment could be abused by just 1 bad egg. However, I do think that, gathered responsibly, and forcing students to change their passwords afterwards, that this experiment could help out everyone with its results.	They are following all the standard protocols for conducting an experiment on people. Sometimes deception is necessary. Here, there is no actual risk being taken by the participant, who willingly entered into the experiment; there is a debriefing after the experiment, and the participant will remain anonymous. 		I think that it is a violation. My friend's mind should not be messed with without their permission. It's one thing to willingly participate in a study, but it's another to be a part of a study without your knowledge.	They are a willing participant in an experiment that, while it contains deception, does not actually carry any risk for them, and does not store their password. 	I would want them to learn from the experience and be more careful in the future. Also, the data gathered from the experiment is valuable, and will be helpful to the community as a whole. 	The person is completing a hit, and the deception is temporary with a debriefing at the end. They are never in any real danger or risk. 
A3HJZTUNCV5CNT	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDH4K8ME	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	663	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	Too big a chance that personal data will be collected.			The researchers should make sure all participants are contacted to have their data excluded - and also to be advised to change their passwords.				Yes, I think research into this topic is valuable.		
A3HMBHM8HJLKRD	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMGCD2Q	NoAdvertising	587	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	Consent could not be obtained and it could not possibly be anonymous.	Yes.  The subjects are anonymous.  I am interested in psychology and think the results would be very interesting.	This information can be obtained "after the fact" by people who were actually hacked.	This same info could be obtained "after the fact" from real victims consenting to be surveyed.	Yes, the results will be interesting and no one will be identified.	This seems to be a violation of our personal life and would interfere with our purchasing rights.	Yes, they will not be identified and can make an anonymous contribution to science.	No one wants to be subjected to hacking.	This could affect my friend adversely and cause future psychological harm.	Yes, it is for a good cause and they will be anonymous.
A3HMXZMXC19HK1	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQXIVW2	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	I don't feel comfortable with the whole "recording their purchase" part.		Surely there must be a better way to get the information needed without deceiving people.	This is pretty unfair to the Facebook friend whose name and email address is spoofed.					This is pretty unfair to the Facebook friend whose name and email address is spoofed.	At least this task is in a controlled setting.
A3HNJLCKVU1U5W	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW66OKTC	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	372	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Only if participants were aware								
A3HOG6U41UX9KI	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0LLT7A	Twitter	577	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	We don't need more spam	I believe manipulating people's twitter feed is harmless.	Make sure there's no way any of those passwords could be stolen from the researchers	We don't need to learn how to steal better.	Make sure the researchers don't steal anyone's personal information.	Seems harmless.	I see it as a harmless thing.	The scientist could steal the password for themselves	That's creepy and goes too far into the person's private life.	Seems harmless
A3HOZA7QXYKN5Y	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LTQUXI	UnnamedCompany	600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	no	no										
A3HPR30ZUUYIN2	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1MU62E5	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	296	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3HQXCWOIQKT4F	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XB97E9	InsertPosts	591	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3HS0V9FKQF6CN	3LWJHTCVCCNLDKIYG3P7ZWU4E4FFQ0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	283	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	no	no			.					.		
A3HSATEWFD2QKF	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YG2CDT	InsertPosts	386	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A3HSSF40A09L7N	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLDI8G6	UnnamedCompany	2947	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This is a precarious area; the fact that subjects would not necessarily be exposed to any additional malicious behavior is the saving grace.  It would be the ethical duty of anyone who could knowingly prevent spam to do so; however the long term benefits outweigh the short term inconvenience.  Additionally the participant's inability to knowingly opt-out is padded by the researchers website, which could protect them from scams (i.e. phishing) that they likely would've fallen victim to had they not been involved in the study.	It is unethical to expose humanity to experimentation without their informed consent and the capacity to opt out without being adversely affected.  As an extreme example: Suppose a hypothetical person was exceedingly depressed, and turned to her social network to highlight her day.  Instead of the natural environment, she is exposed to an artificially negative environment and is driven to a suicide that could've been avoided had she known (or been able to opt out) that her emotions were intentionally being manipulated.	The subjects of the study are not being subjected to any adverse risks.  The absolute imperative of blind studies is that participants are not exposed to any unexpected risks or adverse effects.	The fact that the researcher would be collecting the login/password information is a violation of privacy, as well as an excessive risk of abuse of the collected information.  If the study were to be amended such that it did not collect the passwords and simply recorded that an attempt to log in was made, the study would be more ethically viable.  Alternatively, students could be offered the opportunity to opt-in to a study with the pertinent details (i.e. a security study that may temporarily collect personal information; including login credentials) and the actual study could be conducted at an arbitrarily later date; 6 months, next semester, etc., to allow sufficient time for them to "forget", however you would still only be testing people who had consented to such action.	This study does not expose participants to any foreseeable undisclosed risk; nor does it interfere with their normal autonomous function(that is to say; it is not interfering with, say, a legitimate HIT that they are now unable to complete).  It is therefore appropriate to expose participants to a blind study.		If I cared about someone, I would want to protect that person from the risk of being exposed to an artificially high amount of negative content.			
A3HTLXAPOBCVVO	33F859I566EINA7FSBGH7SBI8NCBHB	Control	1137	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	This doesn't seem to be a large enough sample size to make any meaningful determination.  But I'm not sure.	It seems to me that data is being manipulated or the experiment is being conducted in an artificial environment		This feels like an abuse of power and an invasion of the students' privacy.  I don't like this at all.	This sounds like a reasonable premise, the deception is necessary to get an honest result.			It would be a good reminder of how important it is to secure your passwords, change them often and not use the same one for multiple sites.		
A3HTV2K25EIFL3	3YT88D1N08Z4M54AJ34821TYC3B3K6	WithoutImprovingProduct	11178	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	They need to be careful to make sure personal information does not get into the wrong hands. 	They could encounter people who are already depressed. The depressed people see everyone else being happy and it could make them more depressed, possibly leading to suicide.	Sure, but they should make sure the passwords stay safe.		Again, because there is no actual harm being done to the participants. The participants need to feel they are being presented with something in the way that the researchers want in order to get proper results.	Payment and personal information may be compromised.	I do not feel ones emotions are something to play with.	Passwords are private		There is no actual harm being done to the participants.
A3HV3LXW29N30Q	33UKMF9319L8O5SRSRORL5KSPIUTT4	WithoutImprovingProduct	493	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	they need to make sure that people's computers and security are safe throughout the process.	They won't really affect people too much and can explain why we share what we share	just make sure not to store anything, even semi permanently 	they need permission to access people's facebooks		I would not want them to get involved with spammers, they might retake control from the researchers and destroy the computer	Its a harmless experiment and the results could be interesting	The passwords will be stored and maybe they will learn a lesson	I don't like that they would have access to the facebook profiles	It would make them nervous and likely to look for ways to solve the problem and that might cause them to download stuff
A3HVBBSPNO0QCJ	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKIBH9Z	NoAdvertising	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no							Only the account holder has the right to include or exclude their friends' posts.			Thinking you facing a security risk is stress inducing, and may lead to the unnecessary manipulation of other computer files and programs.
A3HVFNTSJ88SJU	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IEU5U9D	InsertPosts	1388	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	As described above, it doesn't seem safe.	The idea of "protecting psychologically-vulnerable users" is off-putting to me. Who is deemed "psychologically-vulnerable? Why should facebook filter what we see or decide who is stable and who is not? It's the user's choice what they want to see, and if their friends post negative things, they should be able to filter that content on their own. (Wouldn't they want to know if something important but bad happened, like a family member passing away? It seems cruel to disclude them like that.) Plus there's no accounting for sarcasm if an algorithm is involved. It would have to be moderated by humans, and that is not necessarily infallible either. 	I'm not sure the experiment would yield accurate results. How would they account for people who exit the questionnaire when they suspect it's a trick? Or if they have to complete it, how will they successfully get to the end of the survey without falling into the trick?	I'm not sure the test group is ideal for the answer they seek. University students are a small part of the demographic. They are constantly interacting with "strangers" who are in their same classes, so they might be more likely to respond to the emails. On the other hand, they are allegedly the smarter portion of the population because they are in college, so they might be wise enough to avoid it. 	I think this is a valid concern, a well thought out process and an effective way of finding answers to solve a real issue.	It doesn't sound like the researchers are being very responsible for the well-being of the participants. Unless they made the infected software themselves or moderated it closely by working with a phisher, there would be no way to guarantee the security of their information.	I don't support this cause.	It's up to them if they want to be involved. There should theoretically be no risk in it.	It's their choice.	It's up to them if they want to participate.
A3HWXPFH5BFE8L	3X65QVEQI0O3JBIBXWRAA4A77TQCL3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			The study would provide valuable data that can be analyzed					It would demonstrate to the participants the importance of internet security without compromising their  actual security		
A3HWYKCFZ4JL1U	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJQ9G4S	Twitter	680	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	researchers should be allowed to test the effectiveness of email spam for the sake  of acquiring data that can help with advertising.		for scientific purposes this should be allowed. if someone doesnt want to open it then they dont have to.	for scientific purposes i believe researchers should be allowed to conduct such experiments.			my cared ones do not use twitter.	my loved ones are not knowledgeable in the use of emails. they would not serve this study very well.	my cared ones do not have enough knowledge of spam and the internet for them to be comfortable with such an expirement.	it is up to them whether or not they would like to.
A3HXCMU4MOPSQI	3HRMW88U16R3V15GLSZ5FGNVYX10MU	InsertPosts	950	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I think this would be a good way to figure out how to combat spam.	It seems slightly unethical that a business would want to emotionally manipulate their customers. Not that that sort of thing has ever stopped businesses before.	The temptation might be there to use the information or the passwords in a way the experiment wasn't intended for them to be used.	There is always the risk of somebody being tempted to use the phished passwords in a way not intended for the experiment.	I don't see any downsides to this experiment.		If someone is using Facebook they're opening themselves up to this sort of thing. So it doesn't really matter to me, since in a way that person is choosing to participate.		As long as the phishing was just for an experiment and was conducted ethically (i.e. they didn't actually do anything malicious with the passwords) I don't see the problem with someone I care about being part of the experiment.	The person I care about might learn a valuable lesson.
A3HZX5JZGQZJHL	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXP3J31	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	774	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	Not much of a way to do it except this one.  	The wrong approach is being used.  Supporting people's positive attitudes and empowering individuals is more important.	They should develop proactive ways of avoiding the problem.  	Trust and empowerment should be promoted.  This will undermine both.	To close to institutional behaviour management.	Good data on this type activity is needed.	This really crosses the line of ethical research.  It is not productive and is the inverse of what should be examined.  	This has the potetentil for institutional abuse.	This undermines the credibility of Institutions that should be trusted.	This is to close to behaviour manipulation.
A3I1R73F7JU6RY	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKFYSD5	Control	366	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		I don't have any issues with the experiment itself, but I would caution the researchers that Facebook users are not a random, representative sample of the public, thus it would be difficult to draw robust conclusions from such a study.								
A3I3410L19PHLI	34Z02EIMISE78WV0UP0H1UINS4YT0N	NoAdvertising	589	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Researchers are not obtaining consent from the spammer or the potential customers.	Researchers are not getting consent from facebook users.	More should be done to safeguard participants' passwords and more effort should be made to decrease deception	Researchers did not obtain consent and are planning to impersonate other students, also without obtaining consent.				I would not want them to be deceived.	Violates too many ethics	
A3I3S5QKLGUZRQ	3OSWBBLG1EY8OX5EBBP954NCZYQDXW	Twitter	581	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Too much risk by infecting peoples computers	Yes because there seems to be no potential harm. 	The have to do it, but make sure they arent invading anyones privacy	Seems like they are getting too much info. 	They should use caution so as to not really cause any damage to the participant	Theres too much risk. 	Because it will help research	I would like them to be able to help so that this type of thing wouldnt happen in the future	This experiment gets too personal.I dont like it. 	Yes because it will help it from happening in real life. 
A3I88443Q8I5K4	36PW28KO4ZX1KQBLWW8FREUZYJXEAP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	499	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes				I believe there are better ways to warn people about phishing.			I object strenuously to anyone interfering with the communications I receive via Facebook. If my friend wants to send me something, I want to see it.	No one will be hurt and it might help others not to fall for such tricks.	This would make me feel very vulnerable if I were the object of such a study. It would make me mistrust even my friend's emails. Also, someone with the study might be dishonest and steal from the accounts.	This is not imposing any risk on the participant.
A3IA77UHAVA83X	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IISWHY	NoAdvertising	1929	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	no	Real, actual spammers are allowed to take over the computer. If they have the technical expertise to hack a computer, what's to say that won't be able to circumvent the researchers' fail safes?	It's Facebook.	As long as the researchers are from a legitimate research university and get all the necessary approvals from their regulatory committees and ethics board and follow procedures, they may proceed.	It involves students in a research university, so I think they should be allowed. 	It sounds like the researchers will be fully in control of the study. And it's not one of those experiments involving passwords or personal details.	Saying they'll 'maintain sufficient control' doesn't make think they'll always maintain that level of control.	It's Facebook.	It doesn't look like their internet security will be compromised. And after the experiment, they might be more careful with their passwords.	It's just a password to a university website, not to, say, someone's bank account or personal email, so I would want them to be included.	I didn't read anywhere in the description that the researchers are from a legitimate university. Perhaps I am to assume that they are but I'd prefer that it were explicitly stated. I would want them included in any case.
A3IADAHNMIS0AM	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGCY67Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	561	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Too much risk involved	Again, it intrudes on privacy and someone's private account.  Also, I don't see the benefit in this study.	If the passwords aren't being collected or stored, then I see no risk.	I believe you have to have the right people conducting the experiment, in order to not take advantage of the students participatin.	I don't think there is any risk not to conduct this.	This is too risky.  You are inviting actual scammers to participate, so the methods of security may be breached.	I believe this intrudes on a persons privacy	I think this study can be very beneficial in measuring the ways that people fall for this trick.	I think the information the study is looking for would be beneficial and I see no harm in it.	I see no negative impacts for this experiment.
A3IB7YJHP04OHI	3YDGXNSEOZV590LDASCOM1CDV7R84Z	NoAdvertising	592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	no										
A3IE6ATDKX6N1H	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01QVTAZ	WithoutPublication	9647	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes										
A3IGFIDCWHF3FQ	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YUC2FC	NoAdvertising	920	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It seems a bit...risky.	Why not? 		Too much shadiness.		What if the researcher's software fails and my friend/family member sends payment?	It's kind of stupid, but doesn't offend me. 	It seems harmless, so why not?	Getting access to their Facebook? Verifying the password are correct with the University? Shady.	They are made are and there's no actual risk.
A3IH2XDJW42K3W	386CSBG1OZNPURPNFAM35QHRL3RQ6J	WithoutPublication	1631	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	There are good stop-gaps to ensure anonymity and that there wouldn't be loss of property/money, but this is a delicate experiment that requires a lot of observation/regulation.	There's no harm being brought to the participants, as long as they are aware of the research being conducted.	There needs to be specific handles in place that mitigate the chance of anonymity being compromised. 	There's a big opening to exploit the participants in the study by confirming passwords with email accounts. That confirmation makes it a bit of an invasion of privacy and can compromise someone's identity.	There's no risk at all to the participants. There is only perceived risk on their end, which is the point of the experiment.	There is no chance of loss to participants, as long as the compromised accounts are recovered and no long-term damage has been done to said accounts.	I don't see the problem with this experiment, as long as the individual was a consenting participant.	As long as the usernames are private/anonymous, there shouldn't be a problem with receiving passwords, even if the experiment turns malicious. A password by itself isn't enough to harm the privacy of an individual.	There is validation of whether or not collected passwords from students/participants is correct. This can compromise their personal information.	There's no actual risk involved for the participants and it's a study about how they psychologically react to this situation. I see no problem in conducting this experiment.
A3II5GEUYCHBCT	3FPRZHYEPY8I2GYMI7IF4A4FSDBV31	UnnamedCompany	1038	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent			Yes.  As long as the researchers explained the purpose of the experiment after completion of the test and destroyed or deleted any passwords obtained during the experiment, then there doesn't seem to be any harm in this type of study.	As long as all passwords obtained by the research director were destroyed or deleted, then there shouldn't be any problems conducting this test.	Since there are no real security risks, I don't see any problems with this test.  		According to the scenario above, the participants will not be made aware of the fact that their posts were altered.  This is untruthful.  I don't see any real scientific value to this test.	It would be up to the person to choose whether or not to participate.  As long as no harm was done to anybody during the experiment, I wouldn't be concerned if the person I cared about participated or not.	This is good research to study phishing attacks.  	
A3IIVPCDRZI0JO	3PMBY0YE2748I9H28ZOK5VJC7MB9CF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	508	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes										
A3IJ7AQ6ZGVZIC	3ERMJ6L4DYTHDC506RKEUVXI6EXM7C	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	572	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	No consent is given.	Need to obtain consent from participants.				No consent is given				Consent not obtained.
A3IL56B141IJMS	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z1XZL9L	WithoutImprovingProduct	1008	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	I think this should be tried on a very select few people at first.	I think Facebook should concentrate more on other issues with their site, for instance, privacy, which doesn't seem to be as private as people believe.	I believe this experiment would help people with awareness about online theft.	I wouldn't want to participate but I do see the point of this experiment being conducted.	I think there are other ways to test security measures that do not involve human participants.	While I don't agree with allowing access to my computer, this may help to stop scammers in the future.	I think that Facebook delves too far into people's lives as it is.	Again, you have to give up personal information, which I don't agree with.	I don't believe in any experiments that involve divulging your password.	The whole idea doesn't sound as safe and secure as described.  I can see something going wrong with this experiment.
A3ILHE9QEMS56D	3VBEN272MK0340T6JRKUCH9HX5WSGT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	726	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3ININPJ6R1YFA	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF925MI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	907	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Again, I'd like assurances that sensitive information would not be recorded.		I would want assurances that passwords were not being collected without prior consent.	The students passwords are being collected and that violates their privacy. 		Again, I'd like assurances that sensitive information would not be recorded.			I think this experiment violates privacy.	
A3INNLE8BVOFA1	3N1FSUEFL51HQVH4R0N48TQE62L4D6	NoAdvertising	987	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	The way this experiment is set up makes me uneasy.	The experiment should only go through with the participant's known consent.	I wouldn't want to share any of my passwords whether they would be used or not.	Privacy is important to me and I wouldn't appreciate something like this.	I understand why the true purpose of the study must not be revealed but it seems manipulative.	This seems risky to me.	I don't like the fact that they may be emotionally manipulated.	This is an invasion of privacy.	This seems like an invasion of privacy.	I don't appreciate that the true purpose of the experiment was not stated upfront, though I understand the reason it wasn't.
A3IP9KYNZZ028B	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7GIGGKB	Twitter	497	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	no	no				The way researchers want to check Facebook profiles to identify a student's friends, and getting a hold of their passwords are just two more examples of phishing					The way the research was explained seemed like an invasion of privacy.	
A3IQM1WCK68BOB	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO11N9M7	Twitter	323	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					It is harmless					It really would not matter to me
A3J0FLF3A8G5A	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKIDP56	Twitter	1197	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It may make someone change their email passwords and believe their friends are infected by spam, causing annoyance to the anonymous users. But I guess it happens enough in real life anyway.	This sounds like an involuntary experiment. Many of my friends ARE psychologically vulnerable. If it were voluntary, then sure, though that might affect results. Also, if they can make an algorithm to exclude more negative posts, they can make a program and people can voluntarily turn it on on their own twitter if they don't want to see negative posts. Wasn't there something in the news that people's positive posts on facebook make some people depressed because they think their imperfect life doesn't measure up, anyway? But some days anyone would just not want to see negative posts.	They may think the HIT is a scam and return it, thus maybe ruining their hit score. Run the study if there is an option to complete it without entering your password, and there seems to have to be to even do it, so I guess it's not a problem.		I would assume they wouldn't say the experiment was stealing your social security number or anything really scary. But as long as the experiment isn't drawn out over multiple days, just half an hour or something, and they tell them at the end that they weren't in danger, it seems fine. I have been in "tricked" experiments before, just not with security. The tester may assume the warning is fake anyway.	My friends wouldn't click on spam anyway. But it's annoying to get it and may make you think your email has been hacked.	This sounds like an involuntary experiment. Many of my friends ARE psychologically vulnerable.	They are participating in the study of their own free will AND are told at the end what happened. The only thing that could happen is they become more educated about internet security and less likely to fall victim to real hackers, or they already avoided typing in their password. But, they may think the HIT is a scam and return it, thus maybe ruining their hit score. Run the study if there is an option to complete it without entering your password, and there seems to have to be.	If they click on the link, it's voluntary, and it never hurt them or made them scared, and caused them no detriment, as the researchers would tell them immediately that they fell victim to fake phishing.	
A3J2UG22S8BIW4	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28KZ44NR	Twitter	6696	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes										Does not seem like they would be at any real risk.
A3J3Z5IM92QGF7	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4QAAK4P	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	381	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	Anytime you are controlling someone elses computer it could be iffy.	Manipulation of any kind is wrong.	Might be a good idea to show people their vulnerabilities.				I wouldnt want someone i cared about to be manipulated.			
A3J5FG2II9VHDU	30X31N5D63R2U9G3XRSKGVYEZ90SAW	UnnamedCompany	2182	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3J6AXPUQQJY7D	34S6N1K2ZVKU0JTRJO5BLV7NK80HLW	WithoutPublication	657	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	Seems like it could help understand spamming and also save a few people from bad decisions.	I would suggest heavy review of what is being ignored.	It seems like the sort of thing that could go wrong easily. I would only be in favor if this was heavily monitored.	This could possibly harm the relationship between the student and the person the scientist pretends to be. I think some sort of tweaks to the basis need to be done before proceeding.	Not being truthful in experiments can be a fine line. However the goals for this seem well meant and could leave to improvements most people will benefit from.	Seems okay, not real strong feelings on this. I would not want a friend in this situation much but if they're opening spam and getting scammed, better this than by the real scammers.	Might be important or relevant information in the excluded post. Also could possibly damage relationships.	While their intentions are good, not everyone involved in academics is pure. They may say they will not store or steal the data, but I would never be 100 percent certain.	This could possibly harm the relationship between the student and the person the scientist pretends to be.	It might get them to smarten up if they're bad with security once the results are known.
A3J6CGA32FLVI9	39U1BHVTDLS3POUXDCI03SGUVOPT35	InsertPosts	1679	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Although I do not see the duplicate spam site getting a lot of hits the few it does get are bound to think something is amiss and become very angry when they purchase something and literally nothing happens.  	I guess I don't understand all the rules to this one. Will they be using other peoples Facebook accounts with the person in questions permission? If so Then I think the experiment should be allowed to proceed. 	Absolutely, I don't see any real reasons why this experiment shouldn't happen. 	This experiment targets an actual problem and may help find solutions.	It is the only way to remove the Reactivity factor from the test and see how people will truly react.	I do not believe that this is a real problem anymore. However if i were made a believer I would not have a problem with a loved ones participation. 	This one seems to cross some kind of line into peoples personal space. I do not believe I would want my or my loved ones Facebook accounts to be hacked for any kind of scientific research. 	This, along with the other security experiment, I think can greatly benefit internet users everywhere.   	Again, I believe this is another vital experiment.	I think it would be interesting to see how they would react under these circumstances being that most people in my family are not "computer people" so they are in a specific demographic. I do not believe that the experiment in question is really traumatizing in any way so I would have no problem with a loved one's participation.  
A3J8Y94SGZ3R0E	3MB8LZR5BFUL29UZP988YNNFCQALKC	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	6535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						It is a good opportunity to know and prevent spam.	I think it is a very interesting experiment.		It will be helpful.	
A3J9ORWWVZCEOI	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U7Y2ZVA	WithoutPublication	9660	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A3JD9RN86I3170	3X31TUMD7XNJW88DHZ2QT8RG3JG1LT	Twitter	352	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Same as above; so long as everyone was briefed at the end of the experiment and not harmed, I don't have a problem with it. 		The researchers must take special care not to store the raw passwords in any aggregate form, as that is ripe for forced attacks on the information. 			It seems like the experiment conforms to IRB, as there's no profit and no real harm. 	This is the recent news about the facebook experiment, right? Well, Twitter's TOS lets do whatever they want with what you post, so it's not like they have a choice anyway. However, as long as it's all IRB, I still have no problem.			The clear explanation of the results coupled with the fake security warning means that I do not have a problem with this experiment.
A3JFNPGUODLZLQ	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO52C26Q	WithoutPublication	1074	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	The fact that nothing is divulged to the people that participated unwillingly is what makes this study troubling. They have a right to know that they were being spamming as well as their actions recorded and reported. 			The ending result of this experiment is a positive one but the method is slightly troubling. The fact that the people that are selected to do this are being researched on their personal Facebook's makes me a little uneasy. But the reasoning behind it makes sense. Telling them afterwards and giving them the option to back out or not is very important though.	Since this is done without the knowledge of the participants I believe that full disclosure at the end of the experiment is very important. The caution option was selected because the people in the study may believe that something is legitimately wrong just to find out that it was false. 				If this study would help find ways to prevent phishing from occurring then I think that my friends would want to help with this.  	I believe that people I know would want to help with the research so that this issue can be better understood. 
A3JHXEH79DJ83L	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMJ31I4	Control	385	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no		Facebook sucks, researchers are heartless bastards	It hard to come up with new passwords, which I would change despite the so called assurances	it is wrong wrong wrong wrong		waste of time	not informed consent	lied to me already - why would I trust them again?	that is SO UNETICHICAL	
A3JI91CQIA5FWO	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CAKNA7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	790	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Researchers may not be able to control everything like they want to.	Keeping information from users is wrong, but study does have a purpose.	yes, but only after being verified as true researchers by a third party 	This seems like a disaster waiting to happen - the system testing passwords could be hacked, passwords could be sold, etc	Software and things need to be tested by a third party first.	Spammers may be smart and able to outperform the researchers.	Not fair to keep information from users, but can understand the purpose.	This could be a trick by a hacker claiming to be a researcher.	I would be concerned that the password would fall into the wrong hands	I understand why this needs to occur.
A3JIWNQV86CNOB	3ZR9AIQJUBANRBGAFOZ9TM6VC6140O	NoAdvertising	289	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A3JIXUMSPOB36C	31IBVUNM9S0DISEF22JH5JTCVR8FVY	InsertPosts	427	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3JL7938ZDVAQ	35USIKEBNRH4RUCVZIUM1WMMGYBN6C	InsertPosts	461	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				Researchers should always use caution and take measures to protect their subjects.					I don't think it would either harm or help them.	
A3JLVYFHEUDE08	3D3VGR7TA0GQ99H59ND53DFC7Y7R3V	WithoutPublication	201	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
A3JM7TDF41A625	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FCWM4H	NoAdvertising	382	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent				I think there needs to be justification for why the study needs doing, and a better thought out system to debrief.	They have a quality debriefing planned, and deception seems necessary.			This seems like it would be very distressing to participants.	This seems very aggressive, and the delay in debriefing seems too long. 	The debriefing seems sufficient for the experiment.
A3JM9H33QZ8C3Z	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3WA6SW	InsertPosts	700	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I want to say no as I feel it is a bit dangerous. But at the same time, perhaps the findings of the experiment can help people.	It does not seem harmful. And everyone knows that Facebook is not private anyway so there really should be no expectation of privacy while using it. I think this study is more than ethical.	It does not seem like much could go wrong with this (unlike in the spam study). But I would still be nervous about the password being intercepted.	Going to their facebook page to find their friends names and then impersonating them seems to be going a bit too far on the deception scale.	The people will not be exposed to real security risks anyway.	There is too much that can go wrong. How will the researcher maintain this "sufficient control".	It seems fascinating.	I cannot tell others what to do with their lives. But, me personally, I would not feel comfortable with my password being intercepted in such a manner.	The students have the option to have their data excluded.	It is no big deal. No lasting harm can come from being a part of this.
A3JMWF2GPZULV6	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XJ012F	Control	383	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3JR77021HINUC	30LB5CDZNCB3U84Z0HPZNIJ4D9GZ0N	Twitter	1318	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no					researchers could be arrested for hacking	could be a security breach and headache if this wasn't a legitimate study	no security codes exposed.	participant could be deceived into thinking that this research is safe and secure.		participant could be deceived into thinking the research is legitimate and secure when it could be used by hackers.
A3JX5WINGY8PEM	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CBHZJB	WithoutPublication	10297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		I believe there are benefits to the experiment, but it seems slightly shady to me.				I dislike spam in general.	I would prefer that my closer friends and family not be affected or tested on.			I feel like the HIT interface is more acceptable than using completely random selection.
A3JXQ4WFIJSQ3D	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPHBYZT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	418	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A3JYQAI5I8V0B0	3LYA37P8IQO9P08NYWJEKKRA0ZLBKA	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	362	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes							Seems harmless.		Seems harmless overall.	I think it could be beneficial to the test subjects.
A3K3FAOU14CNQD	3HRMW88U16R3V15GLSZ5FGNVYWK0MB	Twitter	537	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	It seems as though the researchers are invading peoples' privacy, and perhaps breaking the law.		I think the value of the experiment is low, and the potential harm caused is high.				I think people have an expectation of the content that they will get from a commercial site like Twitter. It should not be used to run experiments.			I think the study serves a good purpose.
A3K3IZ0S0YOLO1	38BQUHLA9W1OYIXZND1G5HJDW32OMZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	491	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent				I don't know about letting the researchers verify passwords.  That might be going a little too far. 						
A3K4D0VPFLVIZM	3PB5A5BD0V7HL29EVOMJHQDLAQAG7J	Control	461	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3K6HNEQJKB0YE	3RRCEFRB7MDOBYJKD4WYD32E3G44BS	NoAdvertising	402	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes										
A3K6NI3B84FUVP	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I68SQOP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1270	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes		I don't think it would hurt anyone.			If no one is actually affected I don't see any reason why they shouldn't be allowed to do the experiment. 		I don't think it would affect their thoughts negativly just because others are sharing negative thoughts. 			This would not hurt anyone, but help make them aware of security risks.
A3K78IVPVZ5R6C	3IUZPWIU1O81D36YTNFA7Y4VA1GWKQ	NoAdvertising	716	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no personal information is shared so there is no danger to participants	if the researchers see someone posting about suicidal thoughts, they should be excluded from the study	could be useful data to collect	I think the passwords should be secured somehow so the researchers do not actually see the password.	the research is valid and useful	since no personal information would be shared I think it would be ok	it has no potential dangers	no passwords are stored so it is safe for participants	I would be afraid to reveal my password to the researchers.	no harm to participants
A3K7GPG90ZJ8A	3U5NZHP4LR3KR48PBGYI2CG7PS0HPD	NoAdvertising	384	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3K9D8GTORL5BN	3VA45EW49NOR2TBAURIILPVAYPAO1O	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1212	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	THIS RESEARCH STATED THAT IT DOES NOT COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION, THEREFORE I FEEL THAT THEY COULD PROCEED WITH THE EXPERIMENT.	I THINK THAT FACEBOOK USERS SHOULD BE MADE AWARE THAT FACEBOOK MONITORS CERTAIN THINGS ABOUT THEM.	AS I STATED,  IT SEEMS HARMLESS TO DO THIS EXPERIMENT.	THERE IS NO BENEFIT FOR RESEARCH OR THE SUBJECTS TAKING PART.	I AGREE THAT THIS SOMETHING THAT CAN DEFINATELY USE RESEARCH. TOO MANY CYBERCRIMES.	I WOULD NOT OBJECT, SEEMS LIKE A PRETTY HARMLESS WAY TO GATHER THE INFORMATION.	I SEE NO REAL HARM, BUT FACEBOOK SHOULD DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION THAT SPIES ON IT'S USERS.	SEEMS HARMLESS, THE STUDY SAID YOU ASK FOR NO PERSONAL INFO	THERE IS NO CLEAR BENEFIT IN THIS STUDY	 THIS EXPERIMENT IS IMPORTANT TO FIND NEW WAYS TO WARN PEOPLE ABOUT SECURITY RISKS, THIS EXPERIMENT TELLS THEM WHAT IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE.
A3KAJNKJ1FIOWP	3P59JYT76LLE46YE9C4VKIB2P5FT2A	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	658	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes		Maybe users should be asked if they want to sign up for random experiments or make it more known to its users that they occasionally might be fucked with.		As long as the information gathered regarding passwords is properly disposed of or never recorded other than "yes they entered a password" or "No password was entered." 						Why not
A3KART25ERRO4A	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WLW24CN	WithoutPublication	7286	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent							it can be beneficial to society	I trust that their information would not be compromised		
A3KDSOZT1DJOQZ	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7LLMCU	Twitter	927	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no				All of this research must be done in a lawful and ethical way.		There is too much that can go wrong with researchers sending spam emails.	I don't believe that this research is worth spending time and money on.  What does it matter whether a post is positive or negative.  People should be free to post whatever they want as long as it is legal and ethical.	Anything that is done legally to help stop hackers seems like a good idea to me.	If this research can stop phishing which is harmful to people who are vulnerable to opening emails that may entice them to reveal their information and then disaster follows.	
A3KHJM0DTCJXZB	3HQUKB7LNFFSENA1S3QDT3EG3RLHHJ	NoAdvertising	635	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	it is too broad in its implementation. i think a better plan could be put together	This is troubling on many fronts. I think the outcome is actually known before the experiment is implemented. We know intuitively people will be effected by negative or positive posts	yes but we need to make sure they really don'\r\nt compromise personal info	this is in dangerous territory but if the right safe guards are in place I think it might be ok	there is an opportunity to help with computer security with no risk involved	this is very troubling. I do not see the safeguards needed here.	this is actually playing with peoples emotions without their consent 	the study is relatively harmless and ther eis much that can be learned	again this is relatiively harmless with the right safe guards	there is nothing at risk to the person and they might learn something
A3KLT3FY86SWNO	3E47SOBEYQX1TAA5CTUXIOIFQEPIC2	InsertPosts	575	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3KMNX2P2QP9JU	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQY3O2Q	UnnamedCompany	528	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	Perhaps if we are aware of what triggers work, we can educated the general public and then spammers will lose thier audience and their incentives.	I would want to make sure that potential participants weren't suffering from mental disorders that could be exacerbated by the experiment.					As long as the person knows that they could potentially be included in this study, I think it would be okay;		I don't see how this information/data could be used for good.	
A3KPQ7L5FS8SD6	3KB8R4ZV1E84NEC485YZMSZHTJ2GBC	InsertPosts	383	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			I think its a worthy cause, but I'm skeptical of how the information will be used.					I have severe trust issues and that goes for the people I care about as well.		
A3KQFVZH19T2IT	3FFJ6VRIL1PHZIFP0D1DNNGEHNTI06	UnnamedCompany	312	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3KSSE0HD0QNUJ	3K2755HG5S4ROBETBHJNZXN5VX5DFO	InsertPosts	259	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes										
A3KT8A8KQWESK	3P1L2B7AD1Q4S0FEN101544OWWOLO2	InsertPosts	1154	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		They should continue the experiment,but be careful because this experiment can corrupt the mental state of people, which is not healthy.	Yes, they should continue it and make sure that no one's information is not stolen from this study.	Yes,because learning how to recognize hackers trying to get your information can help improve people's awareness of the dangers of opening anything that you may think is from someone you know.	Yes the experiment should continue because the participants were never in any harm;So the experiment was all an illusion given that they could receive realistic reactions to a security risk. 			This would be a good learning experience for someone I cared about to be more safe when typing sensitive material stuff like ssn or credit card numbers to apply for thing that pop up on their screen.		Yes, I would want my love one to be a apart of the study because there is no physical harm being done to them and it helps prevent security risks.
A3KTZAHC60GOHU	3F6KKYWMNB23C3RA952072WEXDWNDO	UnnamedCompany	961	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent			There may be some one or some people who will always find something to blame the researchers for.	There can be backlash from the students who were used for this experiment.		Spam can be tricky some times.	Some people just need to keep their moods/feelings to themselves and not blast it all over social media.	I would want that person to learn what to look for so that they do not get hacked.	This is something that happens all the time and many people fall for it.	
A3KWB5VZS7Z5DH	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BXNPNU	UnnamedCompany	438	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3KYFEDDBCFQU1	39O5D9O87TTM37SMRQNAEIGQ7V73C0	WithoutPublication	609	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	A great idea like the previous one but as always we need to be careful so that nobody else gets this information. 	Just seems like it's a bit of an invasion of privacy and not everyone would want to do this.	I think it's a great idea but we always have to be careful when doing anything like this so that the hackers do not get this information. 	A great idea to make sure that people are not falling prey to these emails but as always proceed with caution.	As always we need to be careful about what we put out there and whose hands this fall into.	Once again I think this would be a good idea because although it seems a bit deceitful you need to be in order to get the valid information. I hate getting pop ups and links from where I have shopped come up on my computer and would love for someone to make it so that doesn't happen anymore	It doesn't sound like it would be harmful to anyone so I don't see why I wouldn't want someone I cared about to be a participant. Then again I'm not sure if they would want to be a participant because they might not want anyone reading personal posts.	I think that anything to keep the hackers from invading our privacy and taking over would be a good thing. It might seem a bit deceitful but sometimes that's the way it has to be done in order for it to really work. 	This is something that would be very useful for all of us because I know I myself have gotten 'emails from friends' which turn out to not be from them after all. Luckily I haven't clicked on the link knowing that it is false but I know a lot of others who have done this and wind up with a virus on their computer.	Not sure if I would want someone I cared about to participate in this or not although I don't think it would be a problem. I think that we all would like our computers and internet usage more secure from those who try to hack and get our personal information. So it could only be a good thing I would think. 
A3L2VS3998R77L	3QIYRE09Y3I9K8BYTCI560V58O41N3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	698	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	IF there was someway to have the innocent people know this was occurring it would be a good way to learn the hackers methods and procedures.	I do not see any real problem with this.	Positive results could come but they must perform this carefully so as to not violate peoples privacy.	It is wrong to access personal information in these ways	Does not appear to be dangerous and it could be helpful.	This is deceiving people and I feel that is wrong regardless of the potential positive feedback.	This does not appear to be harmful in any way and the results would be interesting.	It appears harmless and the results could be useful. 	Too much potential for personal information to be given tothe wrong person.	Looks safe and beneficial.
A3L4FR4DTY4TNG	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68J1WY3	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	376	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent									So they become more aware.	
A3L5XFNSOY6QET	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PIWD0A	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	520	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes		They should be required to get permission first		People should be informed about the dangers of Phishing			I think this is unethical to do this without informing people.			This type of experiment is not manipulative so I don't care
A3LB5F4VVZ4A5R	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW13VMRJ0	WithoutPublication	613	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A3LCVXMW2COCWD	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQZW5KS	WithoutImprovingProduct	499	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	The fact that they allow the computer to become infected is questionable.	This is manipulation without consent.	No, because they deceive people.	This study raises many privacy issues.	This seems harmless, and participants have volunteered.			The experiment is deceptive and manipulative.		
A3LDM3VMJ5EKDL	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4RZC06	Control	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		As long as people's privacy is protected and they are willing to share their facebook information, this will be an interesting study.		More rules should be put into place, as researchers are dealing with a lot of sensitive information and have access to things such as facebook profiles.						
A3LDRCJQUOC6BO	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUHB1V5	WithoutPublication	381	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	test			It has to be carefully controlled as to ensure data privacy within study only.		test			It really depends. My significant other I would not. But a techy friend I would.	Really depends on male or female and how tech savvy.
A3LF9BRGSGL6W3	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XJX21D	Control	463	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3LFVI65XV1T46	3HL8HNGX452FLL1CZ1ELD14F4Z59FS	WithoutImprovingProduct	11835	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A3LGFYY3D0Y85X	3X65QVEQI0O3JBIBXWRAA4A77GXCLK	Control	1100	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The researchers aren't actually collecting any sensitive information, so I don't see the harm in it.	I doubt there are that many risks involved in this experiment, it's only Facebook after all.	Yes, but the researchers should do everything they can to make sure the data they collect is as secure as possible.	The data the researchers collect could be sensitive, so it's important that the researchers take extra steps in securing their data.	The researchers aren't exposing participants to any real risk, so I don't see any harm in it.	I don't see any harm in it, since there isn't any real threat.	I don't see how it could hurt.	If it were to help contribute to computer science then I don't see why not.	If it helps contribute to computer security, then I don't see why not.	It sounds like this experiment can only help improve computer security.
A3LGJHPZCD8PQA	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDH6OM80	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	242	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	don't trust it	dont want them to be too annoying	seems like they have good intentions	it can be used in the wrong way by someone else	i trust them	dont want them to be compromised	they like to post things	wouldn't want them to be hacked	dont want them to be compromised	seems ok
A3LGSQW7WCREUE	32ZKVD547FO3T20GDQRF3YA8PDJB3J	WithoutPublication	908	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes			It is too tempting to take that password even if they are otherwise honest.	The temptation is too great to keep the password.						
A3LHCAE5SB39S0	33FBRBDW6O0844YS37I65ZO1NGS8CO	Control	800	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	With spam filters, most people wouldn't even see it.	manipulating user data without their knowledge is wrong. When I started using facebook, I agreed to them using my data. I don't agree to letting move around what I can and can't see, and there's no way to value the importance of posts hidden.	Immediate information seems fine. Studies lie all the time in order to get truthful answers, but the people go in knowing their answers are being studied.	With this whole facebook data thing, I don't know if it's right to manipulate users  without their consent.	It's a HIT, we're here to be studied.					
A3LHS27TVLXPIE	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87MFMAF	Twitter	970	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		they need to get peoples permission first. If there is a disclaimer when you sign up with twitter saying you can be a test subject than that is fine, but twitter should provide an option to opt out if they want. otherwise there might be some bad press for them 		without the consent of the participant, an experiment shouldn't be performed	testing for something without the participants knowledge is always risky but in this case i would proceed with it	i probably would not have a problem with this experiment 	i wouldn't mind if they were on the positive test, but if they were being negatively effected by the negative post i would be upset. disclosure needs to take place first. you don't have to tell people what your testing but you need to ask them if they want to be in a experiment		the way this is performed could case stress on the participant. effecting someones mood or life is not ok with out their consent	as long as they signed up to do something they are free game to monitor their behavior
A3LI11B9RGB73X	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RG37BVN	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1640	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I have no ideal how you would go about it with out losing data (even if it is slim}	 No one should tamper with our FREE SPEECH. 	 So they might learn something then teach others how to avoid them	I am sure that it will be in a controlled setting and they won't lose anything and it will help researchers better understand people on how and why we do things.	Its then only why that we can learn what to watch out for and the researchers can pass it along to us	I would be worried that something could go wrong and lose there data.	  I would no want my friends or familys right to free speech tampered with.	Because they might learn some tricks that hackers use and avoid them	 Like i said before it would help everyone out.So people will know what to watch out for.	Sure we all can learn what to watch out for. When we are doing something on the internet
A3LJC4OAN33V9O	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7NDCMG	NoAdvertising	497	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Research of this nature is valuable.	The resear ch is valuable.	The value of the research	Because of the value of the research 	The research is important and should be allowed, so long as there is no personal injury.	No personal data is retained, and the data retained is valuable.	the research is valuable	The value of the research 	The research is valuable	For the value of the research 
A3LKTO2XUBO0YY	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBUH6LH	UnnamedCompany	7656	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	no			Taking people's personal information, even for the good of doing research, is still wrong.  The experiment would have to be carefully conducted so people do not feel violated and deceived.	I believe this experiment is too deceptive and also a violation of people's privacy and should not be conducted.	The should plan carefully how to execute this research so they don't cause people to panic due to security risk concerns.		This experiment seems too manipulative and also unnecessary.			I would not want someone I cared about to every be concerned that they had a security risk, even if it is temporary and fake.
A3LLM3PYX0MX5T	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z6984EB	InsertPosts	1723	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	This sounds like it might be risky and dangerous if not handled well.	It may help understand the efects of others ones emoshions.		This could be a dangerous experement if not closely monitorted.	This could lead to more productive ways of warning of risk.	This sounds like as complicated and sneaky experiment.	Im not sure if the study would really help people.		It would be up to the indevidual.	This is a important study to help make sure security warnings are afective.
A3LMBD00DY11MJ	3L2IS5HSFAJPT52WV0SPH202JBVUN5	WithoutPublication	629	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3LMROO0FJ11OX	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGDIZ3K	UnnamedCompany	377	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	I would be interested to know if people actually but things from spam ads -- I am assuming they must, or the ads would not continue to be present.	Trying to influence people's moods seems callous to me.	Yes, I have no objection to the experiment itself.	This seems like it could potentially be abused by the researchers, or others who are aware of the data.				I would not want that person to disclose passwords, even with the researchers' reassurances. 	I would hate to see someone disclose their passwords, even if there may not be a  real threat.	I would need more information about the content of the security warning.
A3LQVZS3W7ZNGY	3FTOP5WARFPDUTZVIVMDZOVEU7WJ07	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2043	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	Seems unethical.	As long as they inform the people they are studying I have no problem with it.	Because all it takes is for one bad person on the team to steal all that info for profit.	Just because criminals use these methods I don't think they should also be used by researchers to study them.	As long as they are honest at what they did I'm fine with it.	Seems very shady. Lots of stupid people on the internet but they don't deserve to be used like this.	Don't see any harm in it if it is anonymous and has the users consent.	Just because they say they won't steal and abuse the info they gather doesn't mean they don't have a rotten apple in the bunch that will.	It feels very shady.	This doesn't place anything important at risk so I have no problem with it.
A3LTCJRLT895T4	3M81GAB8A0KV036IB13BG63JZ96BQ3	NoAdvertising	662	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	too many privacy issues	seems harmless enough	violates privacy	violates privacy	this seems like a useful experiment it could help people in the future	It seems compromising to privacy	seems harmless	violates privacy...my friend or family member would be giving up their private info	violates privacy	this seems like a useful experiment
A3LTPO1WGC77GE	3DY46V3X3PJ4I16BQZOVF980TBE55O	Twitter	961	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	There has to be a better way to do this experiment than letting a computer get infected. That just doesn't make sense and having people use that computer knowingly could be unethical.	I don't have a big problem with the experiment, but I think filtering out negative posts or positive posts may deprive people of important information. I don't think it would be a good idea for this reason.	I think it's important that none of the data is stored, as is stated. If that is the case I think researchers should proceed. The only concern would be that some people may be upset when they find out the true nature of the study. 	It is simply unethical. The way it is proposed would not pass ethical standards at any university as far as I am aware of.	I think they should proceed but the experiment should look at how people react to both true and false security warnings. That would be harder to replicate, however, since you wouldn't want to use actual malicious software.	This one is simply too dangerous. THe fact is, it wouldn't take much for the hackers to reroute the infected computer back to their website which could cause people to make actual purchases. 	I wouldn't mind being involved in the experiment or having a loved one involved in the experiment. I don't think it would be right for Twitter to filter out results, however, and this could lead to major problems and people leaving twitter.	I think it could show that person how easy it is for hackers to gain information and passwords.	The collecting of passwords is a slippery slope, but verifying them with the university is a big no-no. Using the university email system to simulate phishing would also be a tricky thing. This would not pass ethics tests. I would certainly not participate. 	I am not sure this experiment is as useful as it might appear. there are many malicious programs that issue false security warnings so I am not sure it would be as beneficial to participate. 
A3LUR8L7727MCP	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NFKHF3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	345	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent										
A3LX9SY6BRD2FD	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2FSJPY	WithoutPublication	834	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no		Please see last answer.  This will only hurt their interests.				Spam and tracking from it is just creepy.  Wouldn't want them to involve themselves in it.	People don't like their profiles being messed with.  Facebook is shooting itself in the foot with more of this type of behavior.  A website on the decline.			
A3M0AX4EVEFIMX	3TK8OJTYM1MP9539G5FMHD7GXYZVPN	Twitter	956	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They need to ensure privacy measures are taken. 	Making sure privacy is not compromised				I feel like this research is harmless and do have a preference one way or the other. 	It would not bother me one way or the other. 			
A3M30NLJ9F2I2U	3OLF68YTN92TQ4BHR7SL9WFZAT3AFC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1104	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	While I personally don't see the harm, this sounds like an experiment that could possibly get someone in trouble over ethics. 	I believe that researchers have a responsibility to make sure that participants are indeed aware that they are a part of a study (even if they don't describe what the study actually IS) and to disclose the possible risks before continuing.	The fact that no passwords are actually collected or stored makes this experiment seem slightly 'safer' (for lack of a better word) than the others. However, someone could (and someone always will) still raise concerns.	Again, sounds like an experiment where someone could get in trouble over how ethical it is. It's a grey area.	Again, participants would need to be informed that they are participating in a study (even if what the study actually IS was not described) and informed of the possible risks. 		The description does not say whether or not the participants were informed that there would be a study going on or if they were informed of the risks involved. I would not want someone I cared about in an experimental situation unknowingly, even if it's just a study using social media.			
A3M36EIK2VDFKE	3Y5140Z9DXHKNZJ9HYG32OHMPVRPI6	WithoutImprovingProduct	3087	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	This sounds like a harmless experiment.	I don't use facebook myself but i can't think of any negative effect of this research	I think the participant should be notified and make the attacks random from a few days to months when not expecting it. 	Phishing does not seem as bad as hacking. the participant is willingly tricked into giving the password.	As long as personal data is not stored.	no personal information other than e-mail addresses is being stored. spam is becoming a real nuisance these days.	Sure it seems to be a harmless experiment.	Even though it is a harmless research, someone without knowledge seems wrong. 	At first i thought it would be a bad idea. But i rather have people i care about learn a lesson this way instead of a real phishing attack.	This sounds harmless and a big problem today. A lot of safe and harmless sites have ads not being monitored that act as a security warning with bad intentions. 
A3M3CXC2I4JW9T	35LDD5557A558RCKPL9NY024C6AMKB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	316	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3M3Q9D82UAX3B	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z605V5C	Twitter	502	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent				Gives a good idea of how successful phishing is and may lead to a way to make it stop or make people more aware of how to avoid getting phished. 			That is not good for one's mental wellbeing. Especially without written consent from the participants. 			
A3M5D0G5BKEKGX	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRX9B13	WithoutPublication	548	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no		Again, there is deception and also manipulation.	Same reason as #1.		It seems that the information is important to gather, but again, I don't agree with the deception.	This doesn't actually stop the spammer from getting people's information, which s/he could use in the future. 	If participants' moods are truly impacted, I would not want someone I cared about to be in a bad mood due to this.	Same reason as #1.	You shouldn't take people's information without asking. There is also deception. There have to be other ways of studying these things ethically.	I don't think that deception is appropriate for an experiment. Participants should not be lied to.
A3M6D6HNOB7OZ	3634BBTX0OV8WMUF3VKYQU3INPPFIE	WithoutPublication	2518	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	no	indifferent										
A3M6I7O4VW9KR1	3PXX5PX6LXZ3DNZ1M56PQ6OEVV5BAP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	396	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent		No comments					No comments			
A3MAW7Z4SQMWN5	3XC1O3LBOSNK5SKMJIM0ZEABV9NTLO	InsertPosts	434	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes									I feel this is an important research study that ought to be done and it is under safe, controlled circumstances. 	
A3MCT1OOFX0WNP	34X6J5FLPTZ1IM4UZTGSEUMW7JEJQ5	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2483	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3MDOTYNV494O	3EF8EXOTT1WD1IKDEEQDDTEOZVF1JX	Twitter	1132	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Is a very low risk study with the proper safety protocols in place with a useful benefit.	As I said this is an attempt to psychologically manipulate people and is ethically wrong.	Low to know risk with valuable research data and potential to educate people about the risks.	Not a fan of the researches collecting and verifying the real passwords. Leaves room for problems.	My only concern with this study is how the actual item will be presented to people in a way that does not cause confusion and abandonment of the "HIT".	It's anonymous, no financial data is collected, so I see no harm.	This is an attempt to psychologically manipulate someone.	I have a mother-in-law who I wish would learn about the danger of this.	Again I know someone who would benefit from learning about this... the hard way.	I have no ethical issues with this type of study. I have no real preference here.
A3MJHOMPDJUFQ9	3RKNTXVS3MZJSOES7QW2ISI8LRCA4I	Control	995	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3MJYKUA9HUD9A	3YDGXNSEOZV590LDASCOM1CDV3H84H	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	Definitely have to take their time and be careful as to not hurt anyone in the process	I don't find this necessary at all.  Basically, who cares.		Obviously, the researchers must be very trusted.		Overall, it may help humanity as a whole.  So might as well give back and help out.	I don't have facebook, so personally I could care less	They are letting the participants know and this could help spread by word of mouth.	Once again may help the greater good	
A3ML7X12VHUVUN	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEOPI28	Twitter	1397	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	"The researchers will not inform users who receive the spam sent by attackers using the infected computer as this might cause users to behave differently or otherwise compromise the validity of the results."	It depends on whether the participants have informed consent.	Even if it may compromise the data, the participants should have consent.	"They will inform offer students the opportunity to ask to have their data excluded from the study " - I would say that this counts as having consent from the students.		"The researchers will not inform users who receive the spam sent by attackers using the infected computer as this might cause users to behave differently or otherwise compromise the validity of the results."				
A3MNLJB9P135PZ	3E4GGUZ1T8SF1N8RF3Q3JRO66QGK2J	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1369	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes		It would make people feel a little worse to see that negativity so consistently, but it wouldn't really be for any useful information. 	It would be helpful information and wouldn't hurt anyone at all	They need to make sure that it is not other students seeing the passwords. Only instructors who would have little interest in logging into young people's facebook accounts to start trouble			I don't think this is a good idea. The researchers would need access to the setttings on someones facebook account	Its harmless	I don't want my password to go to anyone, so I wouldn't want that for a friend.	Its harmless. No consequences could be coming from it.
A3MOHY42B7HDWU	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7ISLAH	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1489	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	See above comments, and if the results are published spammers will just work around the results, I don't see how this would help.  Spammers are unethical people out for their own gain and if they are any good would keep up on the topic	Don't see any real harm in the research, but researchers would need to be sure what they do does not place the person in jeopardy	Researchers would need to be very vigilant to assure that hackers don't attack their system.	I think this would be a good research, even though I would not participate nor would want anyone else too, i.e. giving passwords out without being absolutely certain of the site, must be a way to do it differently have no idea how but..	My concern is with "hackers" what if they hacked into the research and proceeded to do nasties, how would the researchers be able to secure the research?	Don't think this is ethical, and don't see how it would help stop spams so wouldn't participate nor want anyone else to.	I am certain facebook posts can be mood changers, however, everyone that uses facebook is (or should be aware) that unless they have privacy set so it cannot occur everyone can see what they post, employers are using facebook posts, etc in hiring and firing decisions people should be aware and conservative on facebook	Although "hits" from a reputable firm are relatively secure, with the amount of "hacking" into supposedly secure systems lately think if they get "wind" of the research there is a good chance of hacking the "hit" site	Although I think this would be a good way to do the research to provide better security, I would not nor want anyone else to participate as one would not know if it was research or not, passwords should only be used in very secure atmospheres	This should be up to the individual, personally when I get a security warning I don't proceed or visit a site.
A3MOLID4MAQMBX	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3RGKDN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	418	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	The experiment is poorly-conceived. It only applies to a certain type of spam that involves local vulnerabilities, and relies on being near to the researchers themselves.	No, because it breaks the expectations of consistent postings.	This would likely be considered illegal.				It's manipulative.	I don't trust the researchers.		
A3MQC65MDGXFV0	3K772S5NP8CGUDJZ22I780H3BHUHEG	Control	516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	There doesn't seem to be any harm in this. 	This should only be done if the person consents to the experiment. 	This study might help understand what people think when they are being tricked. 		If nobody is going to be hurt by this then why not? 					
A3MVG6LOODP5TE	3OS4RQUCR9GY9EG9XLSH47Z5SBUFBI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	911	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes				This sounds borderline criminal. Even under the umbrella of "research", the study is stealing passwords.						
A3MZ8TU5GA7PWW	3K3R2QNK8B4443Y2UQ9KZ15IENTU9N	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	645	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Spamming needs to be stopped this research will help make that heppen	Again, it seems like the gains outweigh the risks - no harm no foul. 	Password theft is rampant and it needs to be stopped. This sounds like it could help. 	So many people especially old folks get scammed - this needs to stop. Research is a step in the right direction. 	We need all the research we can get to help us learn more about this topic. In the end consumers will benefit. 	Again this study looks harmless	I think the research is beneficial	It seems like a lot to gain here and little to lose	This will help more people tans no one is harmed	Sounds like a safe experiment for the greater good
A3N0AQ80WYIJET	3NPFYT4IZC5B0HF5D1QHBPQ9CKLXGT	UnnamedCompany	1658	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	There are better ways to stop spam than spamming people.	The people involved never gave informed consent.  They might expect the website to record data on their usage, but many probably would not have chosen to be in this kind of study.		The university shouldn't give anyone's password out.  Students need to consent to participating in the study.	Ideally you would never use deception in your research, but no one's computers are actually being damaged.  Information is never stolen.		The social network is intentionally creating condition they think have chance to harm some portion of the research subjects.	This has no effect on me an does not harm the person involved.		
A3N1F27UIGEOGI	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CHYNAZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	688	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	This just feels unethical	I don't like them running the experiment without consent, but you can't really let the subjects know what they are researching. Maybe a general, I agree to be a participant in any studies facebook chooses box in your profile would make me feel better					I don't think it's right to perform experiment without explicit consent			The people know and voluntarily participate in some sort of reseaarch, I don;'t mind the specific deception
A3N1F9Q6FJ0UDS	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4OYTJV9	WithoutImprovingProduct	1498	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	I am interested in understanding how and why spammers gather information.	I am curious about the results of this experiment.	I feel as though this type of research could provide a better standard for individuals to guard against illegal practices of obtaining information.		Many people do not understand the risks associated with such computer activity.	I believe it is important to understand the action of spammers.	I believe that if people want to share their thoughts positive or negative on Facebook, they are already showing their willingness to participate in this type of study.	I think when we start to investigate the actions of hackers with real individuals regardless of their anonymity is dangerous.		This type of study will assist in future deterrent practices for individuals.
A3N1Q4U7NFAXGY	30X31N5D63R2U9G3XRSKGVYEZAXSAV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	194	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no				I'm not sure because I'm not sure it's ethical						
A3N3LDY8AB21T7	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AIX3YE	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	287	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes						sounds useful	sounds like a waste of time	sounds useful		sounds useful
A3N3N8AT3V2ZJU	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDH6IM8U	Control	358	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A3N5RLYH05PY8L	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRM23ZRF	UnnamedCompany	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3N7MGJ86CG3WF	3K4J6M3CXEUZ447C2RY3RHFBBXSAGE	WithoutPublication	1110	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent	A lot of people will read/respond/react to spam e-mails, despite the warnings out there.  Since I'm sure the researchers would take every precaution to ensure others' computers would remain uninfected, I see no reason why they shouldn't be allowed to carry out the experiment.	Again, I don't believe participants are going to be hurt in any way.  	Again, the whole password issue makes me nervous.  Despite the reassurances, I would still be afraid that my/another's password(s) were being stolen.	This experiment violates people's privacy, and is mean-spirited as well (i.e. sending fake e-mails from friends).	Some people will ignore security warnings at any rate, regardless of the amount of danger involved.  The researchers can't control that.  I do understand that some degree of deception is involved in many experiments; most of the time, this deception does not harm participants in any way.	The choice would be up to him or her.  That being said, I see no reason why this experiment would be deemed unsafe.	This experiment looks harmless; no harm is going to be done if a user misses some of his/her friends' posts.	I guess I would have no issue with it if I knew beforehand that it was all part of an experiment.  This project also makes me feel a bit uneasy, since the issue of stolen passwords is a very serious one.  I'm not sure I would feel totally certain that my loved one's password(s) weren't stolen.	This experiment makes me feel uneasy - receiving e-mails from "friends," the researchers' perusing personal Facebook profiles, etc.  I would not feel comfortable with anyone participating in this research.	Again, I would have no say in the matter.  This experiment seems safe as well, so there would be no real harm done.
A3N7MZOSXM4JHR	3GM6G9ZBKNY4BA27JUNFZRP0V8YMTS	Control	416	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		They do not have the right to edit a legal company software without permisson.								
A3N8JP3QR3VPE8	3XLBSAQ9Z4DHCJ4JLGA82XTRLEQ7ZH	InsertPosts	448	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A3N8PJVEPGSVAD	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT0VIYU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	487	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	It's is an invasion into the shopping privacy people deserve.	I believe it slightly violates some privacy.	so people may react poorly to being the target of fake phishing scams.	It's rather uncouth. 		The participants are not being informed of a disabled store or recording attempted transactions.	I don't post often on facebook.	It's actually an interesting study and everyone that gets "hacked" is informed. therefore less likely to fall for such tricks in the future.	tricking people via fake phishing ( from a "friend") is morally wrong.	
A3N95LUJAWJ10K	3IHR8NYAM72QFSKUW9EZ8N73KD34PJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	1129	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	I am not sure if Spam email is worth violating the users right to privacy.		I'm not sure because this seems manipulative and unseemly.	I'm not sure how much I trust this particular experiment.	I don't know if I would want to be in an experiment like this, even though it claims to have a positive outcome.	This seems like something that violates peoples' rights.	Not if Facebook didn't tell them that they may or may not be included in the experiment.	I think that is their own decision to participate.	I would not want anyone I know or cared about exposed to that.	It guarantees that there is no real risk to the participant and it is supposed to help design better computer warnings.
A3NDYVCFCYRPT9	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBCA63V	WithoutPublication	1367	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes										
A3NI7KS3MIX1SO	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW13S2JR2	WithoutPublication	4981	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		I think it's interesting but I'm not sure what it would amount to and would probably be a waste of funds.	I think that this research could help develop internet security protocols and make all of our information safer. 							
A3NIAESASCHNW8	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4QD54KA	Twitter	364	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	this can be a very tricky thing to duplicate and can backfire	it is a study and there can come no harm in doing it	this is an important aspect of daily life there will always be someone trying to get someones information it is up to us to make it harder for them	people need to know how to protect themselves from this because it happens every day maybe even every minute	it is not really exposing them it is a simulation so yes it should be allowed to show people how things work	people need to know how spammers work and why spam occurs	this does not affect me in one way or another so I would not know how I feel about having someone I know be included	They should hear the ways their information can be stolen or acquired or hacked	this is VERY important for people to know that this can happen	they should know what to do when this happens and why it happens
A3NJ5EY5QUTYA8	3MHW492WW0EJO26WOPNU09DLS0NMVV	WithoutPublication	949	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	They need to be careful and keep the spam in control. 	No, researchers shouldn't be allowed to control peoples social media accounts. 	Just be careful to not steal peoples information. 	I don't think phishing is legal, this shouldn't be either.	as long as there is no danger for the people taking the survey I think it's fine. 	I wouldn't want anyone close to me subject to the kind of advertising that spam is. Plus I feel that a lot of spam emails are also used to distribute malware and other harmful software. 	I wouldn't want my social media being moderated by anyone.	I wouldn't want anyone to lose their password even to just a study. 	I wouldn't want anyone's real password shared with researchers. 	 I would like to see how I handle the security threat. 
A3NLI62ZXQZTY6	3IRIK4HM3ALL0QF4ASL8LLSAHOHC6R	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	9553	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		See previous answer.	This type of research would benefit most people.	This experiment doesn't really benefit anyone because it is just trying to see which phishing scheme works better on people.	This type of experiment could help people react better to security warnings.		I am completely against this type of research because users of Facebook tend to think that it is s private space and forget just how public it is.	It would alert them to how easy it is for their passwords to be hacked.	I think this research invades participant's privacy too much by going into Facebook accounts and checking university's systems to verify passwords.	There is no risk to participants and they are informed of it after the experiment is over.
A3NNN03HLAEP1C	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD2YBE6Z	NoAdvertising	407	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A3NOYN845TEJIH	3XM0HYN6NK087UHNLFQCH9JUX3XEP1	UnnamedCompany	2410	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This can help real attacks.			This is important research being done.		It is important reserach.				
A3NQGUINZBH5CG	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CP2PAM	Control	150	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3NQYIUTVS7FO1	3LWJHTCVCCNLDKIYG3P7ZWU4E15FQK	Twitter	810	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	I don't think this is the best idea because it seems possible that people's personal information, such as credit card numbers, could potentially be exposed. 	I do not see any risks to this study so I don't see any reason why the experiment should not proceed.	I see no risks to this study so I feel the experiment should proceed.	I think the experiment should proceed but the researchers must be careful not to expose any of the students' passwords to anyone outside the study.	I think this is a valuable study with no risks, so therefore the experiment should proceed.	I would not want someone I care about to get in the habit of opening spam.	I do not see any risks to this study so I don't see any reason why this person shouldn't participate.		I do not see any risks to this study so I don't see any reason why this person shouldn't participate	There do not seem to be any risks to this study so I see no reason why this person should not participate
A3NSANS6S5HU1D	3T111IHZ5ERCOB6LQWEFUQIY7S59RM	NoAdvertising	5029	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If they have to they have to.	As long as it doesn't go on too long.	It seems fine to go through with	Well, its a little questionable, but I don't see it as that big a problem.	It doesn't seem that bad.	This seems a bit convoluted. I don't mind them doling it, but it seems odd to get involved with.	I don't see why not.	It doesn't seem that bad really.	It doesn't seem that harmful. I'm sure they'd get over it.	This doesn't seem like a big deal at all. Go ahead.
A3NUI0LC6EQ40A	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAG6WJIV	NoAdvertising	446	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent				they are being manipulative				the info is open to the reserchers who in turn can steal the information	this leaves the person vulnerable within the system doing the experiment. 	
A3NUIEPMZSHEZ4	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC27HS9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	862	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes	I can see the value of studying spam, and it seems like it could be safe.  But they'd have to be smarter than the virus writers.  	see above	I'm on the fence.  Like I said above, I've performed HITs that were duplicitous but I don't know about asking for real credentials.  seems like it violates terms of service. 	Duplicity.	I don't have a problem studying this sort of behavior.  	I'm torn on this one.  The researchers are not directly attacking participants.  In a way, they are safeguarding participants.  But it's a gray area. 	I kind of hate facebook anyway.  Yea they got caught, but you know this sort of thing happens all the time.  The study itself is rather innocuous.  I don't mind the feed manipulation because Facebook obviously already controls the feed.  They manipulate it all the time for various reasons.  	This is direct duplicity.  I've done plenty of HITs where the researchers were duplicitous.  But they don't ask for anything as personal as a password.  	You haven't given them an opportunity to opt in to the study.  This is no good.	I've performed a HIT like this I think.  There is deception, but no direct harm to the participant. 
A3NXB3PYXISYKN	3S96KQ6I9M517GWU61OCG126M2NDTY	UnnamedCompany	392	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent				It may be for research but the researches could still use the passwords to actually steal information.						
A3NXSH8VI8JTM6	37FMASSAYCSIJ5IZYTY274CX84NIBF	Control	554	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Unethical.	Unethical.	Unethical.	Unethical.		Unethical.	Unethical.	Infringes privacy.	Infringes privacy.	
A3NYQG42RFSGE5	3NS0A6KXC4905CFKEJE28A6KKKOZGX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	374	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I've never bought anything from a spam email. I'd be interested to see the results of the study.					No harm is done.		Way too many people are susceptible to this kind of thing. They need to be exposed.	People need to be more aware of this attack.	
A3NZ2EBOYS0N4W	34BBWHLWHACA78GATKUYUIPII19IWR	Control	1304	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	This would not be an ethical experiment.	Obviously one wouldn't want to present a news feed about suicide and death to someone who is often prone to making such negative posts themselves.			I don't see how it could pose a real problem if you reveal the rouse at the end.	Old ladies get confused enough about actual spam and other fraudulent or manipulative schemes. This would not be an ethical experiment.			Posing as someone's confidante or a trusted resource is unethical.	Every experiment needs a control group.
A3O10CFLCP9ZFJ	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP4NB9S	WithoutPublication	213	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A3O6XEJ2TJ8UFG	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PRKD0G	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	659	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It's feels like it's a bit ethically sketchy, but I really couldn't tell you why at the moment.	while technically not a violation of the TOS, it is definitely shady to manipulate  information in this way.		Their research, if published, could later be used by phishers to update their methodologies.		sounds like some of the precautions might not be enough.				
A3O81LHBBI8NPK	3TPWUS5F892JU5UA1AYCJFRN5N1WCX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1583	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no			If they really wanted too, I guess they could. They would be hard pressed to find people who would be willing to do that.			That seems a little "out of the hands of researchers" if you ask me and it would be a DEF NO!		When it comes to security or keeping yourself protected, I wouldn't risk that even for research. There is no telling what the information would really be used for (actual research or for other proposes). I would tell them it's not worth it and to think about it.		
A3OB3T7ZDKXLKE	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEIAULM	Twitter	3082	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A3OB4WYRTLMT0Z	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICWRA7X	Twitter	531	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no					The risk is too great that it could result in stolen information.	It's an invasion of privacy and should be divulged to users.	I don't see the value of this experiment.	It sounds like a devious way to steal information.	Sounds like a devious way to steal information.	It sounds like a devious way to steal information.
A3OCBPXIEIWOHV	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DXGNX2	UnnamedCompany	574	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes				I think this would be a useful study and should proceed.			It would be up to them to participate.	It is up to the participant,	I think this is a good experiment and would cause them no person harm.	
A3OCVVOUP3BPYT	3L2IS5HSFAJPT52WV0SPH202JBXNU0	WithoutPublication	891	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			What're we asking the passwords for?  Bank accounts?  Emails?  Mturk?  	For the GREATER GOOD.  No, really, I'm not sure.  Probably not.  Seems a little unethical to me. 	of all the potential studies this one seems most okay 	I think there are better ways to measure the effectiveness of spam. 	This is some sketchy stuff on the part of facebook (and recently true).  While harmless, and while the algorithm behind what shows on the news feed is unknowable to most people, it's not right to secretly manipulate what you see for the puposes of the experiment--it violates some tacit understanding and portends even worse stuff. 	This is better than the previous study, or at least the bullet points about anonymity, not storing the passwords, etc, are memorable.  While I wouldn't want to be tricked nor anyone else, I really wouldn't mind the study so long as the passwords are minor ones, I guess. 		sounds harmless -- go for it. 
A3OF8AG126VWBK	3OXV7EAXLERXNQJLHZA7SIOGBKF63G	NoAdvertising	1268	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes		Is there a control group? This does not really seem like a worthwhile experiment	Deception should not be the central focus of any study	If the researchers are just sending emails to students without their knowledge of any experiment being conducted I feel that is morally wrong	Using deception in a scientific experiment can cause participants to be less trustworthy with future experiments					
A3OF9HAEZVBQ3G	384PI804XS26TWIL5PVRRPM1QNPS06	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no						It sounds like it would be way to easy for something to go wrong.	FB is such a trusted organization.	Whenever you have to "trick" someone, you are doing something you shouldn't be doing.	I think the way the study is carried out makes it unethical.	
A3OFS8KZ2SKJM9	3DY4FPOOA1PALIJOTXJBM87VYIBRV3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	481	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	The data may be useful, but the method could be open to criticism. 		The data is useful, keeping the real purpose of the study a secret is necessary to the integrity of the data. 			Anyone I care about is typically intelligent enough not to pay attention to spam.				
A3OM5B0XXGLJT6	38F5OAUN5NDVLY4PFU412QPMPOF7HX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1161	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Too personal.	If it is for an important study, yes	It would help make us more secure	I don't think personal information should be given out.	Computer security is essential.	Too personal	If it would benefit the all, yes	It would help mak us more secure	It seems as though sensitive information could be compromised.	It would make computers more secure.
A3OMUSG91MTI3H	3TY7ZAOG5FL85D5D0GMP03VR9T8K0D	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	535	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	I don't see why not, they arent hurting anything to know and it would be somewhat interesting information.	Why not, its a somewhat interesting subject to get results with, dont see how it could hurt anything.		Why not, its a somewhat interesting subject to get results with, dont see how it could hurt anything.	Why not, its a somewhat interesting subject to get results with, dont see how it could hurt anything.	I have no preference, it wouldn't hurt them in any way to participate and I really don't care either way whether people get results off of such a thing.	It doesnt hurt them in any way, so why not, although I dont particularly care whether or not anyone gets results off of such a topic.		It doesnt hurt them in any way, so why not, although I dont particularly care whether or not anyone gets results off of such a topic.\r\n	It doesnt hurt them in any way, so why not, although I dont particularly care whether or not anyone gets results off of such a topic.\r\n
A3ON09B35K1L3L	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVX33V7O	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	350	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent		If this is referring to what actually happened, then I vehemently disagree. Invasive research should only be performed with consent.		I was fine until the password verification part, even if it is in concert with the university. This has potential for abuse.	I'm glad that even if they don't have consent, user opt in by making a choice that isn't uncommon on the Internet	Are you kidding me? Allowing malware to be installed? That's base.		This is rather unethical. While the researchers may not intend for passwords to be leaking (do businesses that use hashes?,) the potential exists.		
A3OOW4HWSNIVQ5	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVU8B5ZG	NoAdvertising	589	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	I think it would give great insight into the topic so I think they should be alowed to proceed		I think that there is a lot of information that researchers could learn from such an experiment so they should be allowed to do such a study.	I think that there is a lot of info to be gained from such a study so it should be allowed to be carried out.	I think it's a great experiment and would give lots of good information on the subject so it should be allowed.	As long as the person I cared about knew that they were a participant I would not care.	I think it seems like a harmless experiment so I wouldn't care if the person I cared about was a part of the experiment or not.	I would want my acquaintance to participate because it is a valuable experiment. 	I would not care if someone I cared about was participating in this experiment as long as they had volunteered to do so.	I think the information gained from such an experiment is important so I would not be bothered by someone I care about participating.
A3OQAXU3STYCI9	3WS1NTTKEYDXPRDZZ5VSKQ3M12K0FU	InsertPosts	1660	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	They're deceiving their subjects and interfering in a business that is no doubt odious but potentially legal.	As I recall in the instance of this that occurred in real life, the participants were not informed of their participation. I notice no mention is made of consent here, so I can only assume it is not present.		The potential exists for users' passwords to be compromised after being obtained without their consent.		Human participants in research should be given the choice of whether or not to participate.		Even if the passwords were ultimately compromised, they could be changed after the revelation to participants that they were collected.		
A3OQNY7ZTAJU0D	3NQL1CS15R9JIJVA7SB5U40S14DVYU	Control	447	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	My reasoning is above.	They should be careful to make sure to pay attention to anyone with pre-existing mental illnesses. 		If they are working with the university, this could be a valuable lesson for the students.		It seems risky to allow someone to enter their payment information on a false page involving an already-infected computer.	This is interesting and I would like to see the results.	Even if the researchers were not using the passwords, what's to prevent a hacker from getting the passwords?	It seems fine. I have no preference.	This is a false flag scenario, so it seems fine.
A3OR3H1QZMS03C	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALTTC5Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	709	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes								No I would not because I feel as though we're being taken advantage of		
A3ORBLI24UT0SA	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MQDZC0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	395	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A3ORHIBPW51AZB	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK05827L	WithoutImprovingProduct	628	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes										This may be a good educational technique for users.
A3OTPCMG0SDB1M	38SKSKU7R1YUWE4BP6NWL782KWOLIO	Twitter	843	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		Good idea.			It is important to understand how people react to security issues.	This is not only an Internet security issue, but a privacy issue as well.	Social media is a popular venue for staying in touch and how it influences people should be studied.	Hacking is a serious issue and any study of such an issue is crucial.	People should be educated on this issue. Such an experiment is crucial to Internet security.	Behavior concerning security benefits everyone.
A3OUGXXXZ5X161	3JJVG1YBEBY67HNKR9F8IV8S37SB5N	WithoutPublication	302	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	It's invasive	I feel the purposes of the study are to manipulate mass psychology and can be used by the wrong hands	Info can be used by the wrong people	I feel it is to learn about mass psychology and can be used by the wrong hands (politicians)	Seems more benign than other ones, less invasive	It's too invasive in privacy	It just feels wrong	It just feels wrong	It just feels wrong to be included in a study that can manipulate emotions	This study seems more benign
A3OV174HQJIJK8	3LWJHTCVCCNLDKIYG3P7ZWU4E84QF8	Control	2489	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	If researchers want information this bad, they should use themselves as test subjects (or people in their field) rather than unassuming people I care about.	The flimsy reasoning that this is all done to protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users is silly. The research is done with no regard for the test subjects, and only for the gain of the researchers' studies.	Just like with the phishing thing, I cannot condone hacking. Criminal hackers think their actions are as just as these researchers you're talking about. It's all a scam.	Phishing is still phishing, and just because you say it's legitimate doesn't make it so. Criminals think their activity is just, too, and a crime is a crime. 	As long as the researchers aren't trying to harm the participants (like they were doing in the first four scenarios you presented to me), and the participants agree to do this type of study, even under false pretenses, then yes, I would condone it. 	I don't want people I care about to be used as test subjects for the whims of others.	Because while I understand these researchers are trying to find scientific facts, using someone I cared about as a guinea pig and trying to influence their moods and way of thinking are not something I would want.	I would not accept people I care about becoming victims of a hacker. These people are real and not just data for some know-it-all holier-than-thou researcher.	I do not want people I care about to be used as test subjects controlled by researchers I do not trust, and information about these people to be harvested like this. 	These people are willing to be a part of the experiment. I can condone that. 
A3OVMSPOR9KBBQ	3DBQWDE4Y6Z88QCHUZKH9Q8MKXO5NQ	WithoutPublication	340	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no			it's still a breach of trust and security.			sounds sketchy. informed consent? nope, this study is not legal, in my opinion.				
A3OW5EFQ5QFD19	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9LY8S6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	629	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Researchers could figure out how and why spam works.	It would be interesting to see if people do react this way to posts on facebook. 	Since they aren't actually pulling passwords, the experiment seems trustworthy.	It would be a good lesson to teach the students but I would be leery about how trustworthy the researchers are. 	As with any experiment, caution should be used. 	It would not bother me either way who participates.	Many of my friends would fit right in with this experiment. 	People need to learn what not to do. 	Seems like a fishy experiment. 	The experiment wouldn't be intrusive or dangerous
A3OX7JRNBB4EO0	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3OQS6I	UnnamedCompany	454	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes								I think this experiment would be going to far into peoples privacy.	The researchers need too much information.	As long as the person is never under any real risk I believe it is fine.
A3OZTCTX5CKBND	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOYZZ7SL	WithoutPublication	311	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	no	no										
A3P2LT53J1GUBG	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPG0YYR6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	488	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	this sounds a little dangerous	this is taking away free speech and directly interfering with someone's life								
A3P3I1YTKXO8SY	3L70J4KAZGNWSKXL01XVLWCEY6PADJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	825	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Are you sure that information isn't available somewhere else without being deceptive?	There are other ways to get the same result if you're hesitant about taping into users facebook accounts.		Seems to be baiting	It should be a long term experiment so that people forget they're being monitored.	this question does not apply	It's up to them.	participants would be tricked into participating	It's up to them	Up to them
A3P3ORQ0MJ3YVD	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LSJXUC	Twitter	540	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	There is no built in feedback for the those participating in the experiment, and while those as a whole may benefit, the individual is sacrificed for this goal.	there is no effort here to ensure that real harms don't come to those put into the negative group			While not unethical, it requires heightened scrutiny to be sure no harm is done to the larger participation of volunteers in experiments if they fear being deceived		it depends on the underlying mental health of the candidate participant			Seems harmless, no real threat to personal computers since it is likely performed on site
A3P5BJ1GA3NLBY	36W0OB37HWFE58AVYPWKTAILZJEHZP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1066	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	Is there another way to conduct this experiment.	I feel this is a little intrusive.	It sounds like a beneficial experiment. 	N/A	Not enough information	This is very deceitful.	Facebook has no reason to meddle in people's personal posts.	I see no harm in the research.	I don't like the deception in order to get access to students Facebook accounts.	n/a
A3P74FP62XNVYI	3Y9N9SS8LYCW8ZY0RMILYOY8SUMD3B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2216	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	This would not be justifiable. This is too much interference in the personal affairs of the person that is being redirected to the research website.	I like the use of experimentation to gain insight but I don't like that some posts would be randomly excluded.	I think there are better ways to study this issue. I don't like that private information would be compromised.	Yes I think it would be worthwhile and is an academic setting. The password information is for University websites.	I don't think it is necessary to study this issue, it should be obvious how an effective security warning can be presented.	This would not be justifiable. This is too much interference in the personal affairs of the person that is being redirected to the research website.	I don't like that posts would be randomly excluded.	I think there are better ways to study this issue. I don't like that private information would be compromised.	Yes I think it would be worthwhile and is an academic setting. The password information is for University websites and belongs to students.	I don't think it is necessary to study this issue, it should be obvious how an effective security warning can be presented. Not necessary to create the false alarm.
A3P7IGLABW38G0	3J2UYBXQQLD16YKOYCSOQKQ98ZP06R	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	662	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A3PCAK86ZLSWXH	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49ASARFA	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	792	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A3PCM4RB0FCIPS	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFHRG6P	UnnamedCompany	781	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Same as above.	See above. Social networks shouldn't be allowed to play God.	See previous answer. This could lead to a reduction in identity theft.	See my reasoning above.	Identity theft is a huge crime, and if they can find ways to better improve security, I'm all for it.	Spam can be dangerous and lead to identity theft. This could help reduce it and does not harm the participants.	I don't think that a social network that someone is using should be able to determine whether or not someone is psychologically vulnerable. This sounds scary to me. 	Same as the previous experiment. This could be beneficial and causes no harm to the participant.	I don't like the idea of people's passwords being bought to light, and am definitely uncomfortable with the idea of the University validating that information. This is sensitive information that should not be shared.	This seems harmless and is something that could actually be beneficial. 
A3PCPPILTDYR1P	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ14DML8	UnnamedCompany	1190	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	It seems pointless. The statistics are unnecessary.	It is highly unnecessary to see how people react to positive and negative posts because it depends on the person's reputation and there is also a lot of sucking up on social networks of any sort.	Spreading the message about hacker tactics should be enough. There is little to gain by knowing how people react.	The information is not going to help anybody and the methods are experimenting with personal information and trust.			This is an invasion of the personal life of my friend for a pointless experiment.	The study seems like it could easily result in dangerous abuse.	The participants in this studies are being spied on by the researchers. No one knows how someone might react to the information.	This is scary and involuntary research.
A3PD06OTVDYTQN	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICYQO8O	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	778	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		There is WAY too much room for abuse here.		There is too much room for abuse here.	Yes.  This is a very important topic.					Yes.  It serves a very useful purpose.
A3PEHR7MU2ZUCI	3PQMUDRV7R7S6DW543QJTRGA3L9II8	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1141	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I have an issue with the researchers allowing spammers to infect the computer because if something goes wrong then those people are in trouble. I do, however, like the fact that this time they are not asking for any personal information or passwords. 	I think this is going a bit too far. Users should make the decision themselves whether or not they want to view certain things. It is already an option to not view posts from certain people. I don't think it is necessary or right to do something like that. If I want to say something negative or complain about my day, I should have that right.	If one of the researchers decided that they wanted to use the passwords obtained for their own personal gain they have the power to do it. Not to mention, important information has been taken from these people without their knowledge.	Again, I am having issues with how much personal information is being obtained by the researchers. 	I think that after they explain the experiment then they should give the participants the option to have their reaction included. Otherwise I think it is not appropriate to include them if they do not wish to be included. 	the term "sufficient control" over the infected computer bothers me...	I don't think that this experiment should be conducted.	I think there are pros and cons with this experiment. If I had to choose, I would probably lean more towards suggesting them not participating in this experiment. It requires giving up too much information without the participants knowledge		I think that it would be a good way for them to become aware of their reactions to security risks without actually being put in any real danger. 
A3PGH8OWRIIK24	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4O21VJ1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1213	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			Passwords can be a sensitive issue, but the way it is described seems good. you might find some way to prove passwords were not stolen						I believe that by being a participant, you learn the dangers of phishing without the actual repercussion	Teaches legitimate security risks in a controlled environment 
A3PGPRR1FWUF6W	3ZSY5X72NXCFVYARSLXXRGDN2N0ROJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	674	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	Same reason as above. Because if it can help stop the spam, then it is a good thing. 	Because it doesn't seem that important. It's cutting into people's private life for unnecessary research.  	Because they are not actually stealing the password, just asking what techniques are used. 	Because there is some risk in actually intentionally gaining the password of some people. This is what "phishers" do, and it is kind of the same thing- tricking someone in to giving you their password. 	Because it can help make people more aware of the risks they take with their computer everyday. 	Because it seems they would have been a victim of this spam regardless. At least this is working toward stopping future scams like these ones. 	Because it doesn't seem that important. It's cutting into people's private life for unnecessary research.  	Because it can teach people the awareness of how they set their password, and to not use obvious techniques when they set it. 	I think that this is just a small portion of the phishing problem, so it could get a little bit accomplished, but not much. 	Because it is a security, they need to learn how to listen to risks, and not take them when it comes to their computer. 
A3PGUAT6ND0N3Q	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXB6PL6S	Twitter	327	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	Except for their own gain, I don't see the potential benefit that would come from this experiment.					I don't find the research compelling enough to open up someone to potential for harm.				
A3PHX20OEF0DV4	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPD5YZF	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	768	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It is frustrating to receive spam, even if it is for educational purposes	It is gaming the system and possibly prevents people from seeing other posts that might be more relevant than the positive posts.	Make sure whoever is conducting the experiment properly disposes of the passwords afterwards.	Notify anyone who may be used as the identity for the friendly email so they can opt out.	Make sure that it is clear no damage has been done afterwards. Novice computer users may become alarmed at the security warning.	I wouldn't wish spam upon anyone, even if it was harmless	No, I'd rather them see what they usually see in their newsfeed rather than having it altered.	This study is harmless to the participants so it wouldn't matter to me	The fake emails made to look like they came from a friend could cause people to become angry with the friend until the researchers reveal it was just a study.	It seems harmless so it wouldn't matter to me if someone I cared about participated.
A3PI4ZNFGDF57D	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FF1LNYF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	293	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		They must be careful not to interfere too much in order to not anger users about invasion of privacy. 	Again, this information should be kept safe	Because you are collecting passwords you must be very careful in keeping that information safe. 			I think this is an important study to conduct especially considering today's mental illness epidemic. 			
A3PIAHR6PGXZNT	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR2YONJZ	Twitter	1264	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes					I don't see anything wrong with it.				This is an unethical experiment.	
A3PIWOAEB8IRP8	3RYC5T2D73UXGYMS7LACGGIDCUMRPU	WithoutImprovingProduct	993	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		If they want to do a study, then call it a study. Recruit participants and then let them know they are being studied. I don't see where a study that violates personal privacy like this does any good for science. If it is for marketing, then the participants should be compensated and know what is going on. 	Internet security needs to be vastly improved. I think studying why people fall for hackers could be invaluable. We could have the best security software in the world, but it doesn't mean a thing unless we can find out why humans fail. 	It is a terrible violation of the students' privacy. Only those that "opt in" to studies should be studied. 	We know so little about computer security and the average computer user. I would love to see more information because I have had plenty of friends fall victim to all sorts of online threats to their computer. Perhaps a study will help us all understand why people aren't diligent about their online safety.	I don't think it is worth it to violate someones' privacy, just to find out the effectiveness of spam. After all, we already know that spam works, otherwise, the spammers would stop spamming. 	Because the users of Facebook are not informed that they are test subjects. I don't think it is valid to compromise someone's privacy just to find out if people are affected by others' posts. 	As long as there is no harm, and the participants know that they are participating in some sort of study, then it is okay to withhold the true meaning of the study until the participants are done. Additionally, there is no harm being done to anyone or their computer. 	I strongly object to anyone being used as a subject without granting permission first. 	Many of the HITs on mturk have "ulterior" motives, where the description says one thing, but the debriefing afterwards explains the true intent. I think that is fine, because anyone doing a HIT knows that research is being done. 
A3PLZCCM9HR0UD	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8MZ98P4	NoAdvertising	386	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3PNHCZVCBIEJ1	3A1PQ49WVHIHACPNQENS1GY9M2B1HQ	Control	2811	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3PQ7W4SK5DCFQ	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW82ZSX2I	InsertPosts	331	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	unethical not to tell people the store is not real	a bit manipulative but as long as the posts are real but a big deal	hard to judge without knowing the actual methods that will be used	they are actually using the passwords, that is unethical	little bit of deception but not a big deal				it's exploitative	
A3PUU1XU4C1A3V	3S06PH7KSR50YWKL4I42AVJBUA11D0	WithoutPublication	928	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I would not like to deceive people	do not like	to inform us	do not like this experiment	seems harmless	too deceiving	sounds too personal	to help warn friends of techniques hackers use	sounds too deceiving	help them to be safer
A3PYW2CPW9ZZIY	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ1RRH0	NoAdvertising	444	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes				Should never be allowed to steal or verify passwords.		Installing something on someone's computer is a complete invasion of privacy and it's obnoxious.	I think that the things facebook does already is extremely annoying. I don't like that I can't see a lot of things on my feed as it is, and if they're preventing people from seeing certain posts, then it makes the whole point of using it to connect with others to be a sham. They could miss a really important message.	I feel like having people type their passwords is taking things a bit too far and it definitely poses more of a security risk.	Stealing passwords is an invasion of privacy.	It's not really that invasive and it will tell the person about it, so they'll at least have some acknowledgement of it, even if it's after the fact.
A3PZMH0G4UBMYG	358UUM7WRZ48ASISBZGVGURSCYQR7T	UnnamedCompany	1454	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no				It's for a good cause.						
A3Q0GG59ALXOIG	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEPGGYH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	987	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	They aren't taking advantage of anyone.	It would be interesting to find out the results, but I have a feeling that it will mess with some people's heads.	They might freak some people out		They should be careful not to do anything too drastic.	Being a participant in this experiment has no effect on a person.	Seeing all those positive thoughts on facebook makes people think that they have to act positive, even if they aren't.			It would be a distressing situation, even if it isn't real.
A3Q0XAGQ7TD7MP	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJR14GA	WithoutImprovingProduct	458	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent									may make those students more aware of the phishing emails.	
A3Q4V0088VBPWH	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4NXHOE8	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1005	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	There is no harm done to anybody, but rather the researchers will help those guilible enough to click on the spam link. 	This is intrusion of people's privacy and against the terms of use of Facebook.	There is no harm done to the participants.	There is intrusion of privacy. Using someone else's Facebook information should not be allowed for any purpose. 	It does not lead to any harm of the potential participants.	They'd rather end up on researcher's mock site, than the real spammer's web site because they will not complete a questionable purchase and will not expose their email for further spamming.	Nobody would want their feed to be tampered with.	This would actually be beneficial for the participants as they will learn about their own potentially careless online behavior.	It is too intrusive and may incur damage to one's social circle.	This is no different that many other studies.  If people are participating in a study they would expect to do various tasks and they often do not care what the purpose of the study is.
A3Q92WMGIHEPSD	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGOFBDK	WithoutImprovingProduct	4891	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3QAGQ0GDNWJRH	3HRMW88U16R3V15GLSZ5FGNVY0LM06	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1026	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	I don't like experiments where the subject is unaware & has not given consent to be a participant in such an experiment, but since everyone has a problem with spam it is a necessary evil if it helps stop or reduce spam.	Again, HUGE invasion of privacy. People log in to Facebook for a reason- to find out "what's up" with family & friends. Anyone would be upset to know that they are having information withheld!	I don't like experiments where the subject is unaware & has not given consent to be a participant in such an experiment, but I think the outcome outweighs the risk.	Knowledge & consent should always be given for any experiment or survey.	Knowledge & consent should be given for any experiment or survey.	This is a very frustrating & deceiving experiment.	This is a HUGE invasion of privacy.	It can be informative for someone to become more aware of what can happen while online. Many people are naive to a hacker's potential.	I don't like experiments where the subject is unaware & has not given consent to be a participant in such an experiment.	I don't like experiments where the subject is unaware & has not given consent to be a participant in such an experiment. Plus, receiving a security warning can be alarming & since it is only an experiment may cause unnecessary duress. 
A3QAPHL40SPDDZ	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYVCH4S	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
A3QD7FQ162ZV2F	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XDSE73	Twitter	511	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I sont think it is a good idea	They should not be able to impact someones twitter feed like that	It may help someone to not be taken advantage of in the future	Could do more harm than good	People are agreeing to participate in a study when they accept the HIT	seems too risky	They are interferring with an individuals content	I think it will benefit many people	It may cause the person to be too paranoid to use internet services	It seems like people who do HITs know that they are assuming risk regarding malware risk etc.
A3QF456BPTK17B	3NS0A6KXC4905CFKEJE28A6KKMJGZD	InsertPosts	1286	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						I hate spam				
A3QFIMI38ADH14	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJSU5GO	Twitter	964	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no								I do not think any idea to steal passwords is a good idea.	How is this ethical?	
A3QHHC0G4ONFXH	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4IZ0A1	Twitter	558	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3QHPXF2DD6P9Z	3IXQG4FA2TZP84PWUZSPUBDUP40B95	Control	332	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A3QIG18VHBXBSZ	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UETFCXM	Twitter	399	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes				liability in obtaining passwords		interesting way to investigate illegal spammers			invades their privacy	
A3QJDP116O759Z	34S9DKFK73Q6AEM151PEKN6FF87NYF	UnnamedCompany	1176	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	What`s the point? I don`t think it could be validated.		If they have a lot of time on their hands	ok	By all means,to test their hypotheses	Science would be best served by passing on this one.	Just let the honest results speak for themselves	I believe it would be a daunting task and in the end prove nothing.	What do you have to loose ?	I really see no harm in it.
A3QLTVQPG1N27R	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZB20GCD	Control	1441	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I think it is ok to research but need to protect privacy	I think that it is good to research things	I think it would be good information to study	I think that this would be an interesting study	it does not matter to me what they do	it would not matter to me if they participated or not	it would not matter 1 way or the other to me .	it does not matter to me what they do	it is not important to me what they do
A3QMX4NRIB54VG	3RU7GD8VPOU9HDM5MAAH6QN9YV5SPH	WithoutImprovingProduct	401	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3QNXS94Q679NN	3NGI5ARFTT69NTNB9RVXAP00849P1T	UnnamedCompany	599	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I believe they should be able to do a similar study, because it could be helpful, but the users must have informed consent. 	The people who participate need to have informed consent and debriefing. 	The true purpose of the study gets revealed in the end. 	This is a hard one. I feel like the end result would be helpful, but it could really stress people out. 	I feel this is an okay experiment and there are really no risks involved. 	If I knew that someone I cared about was going to be a part of this study, I would not like it because I feel like it takes away their privacy.	This takes away their privacy. 	The true purpose of the study gets revealed in the end.	This would cause unnecessary stress and would be a breach of privacy. 	No real harm is being done in this study. 
A3QOREHQCF21YI	358UUM7WRZ48ASISBZGVGURSC34R7H	InsertPosts	335	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Too much to expect from a worker to trust.	Continue to has too invasive of questions.	This is far too intrusive particularly with heightened awareness of identity theft.	Too much confidential information to obtain for study.	How effective is this study?	Same answer as before.  I am somewhat confident amazon MTurk screens for this security breach.	Too intrusive.	I am slightly skeptical.  	Way too invasive.	I do not trust this.
A3QQBNRJTC19LR	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMIED2W	Control	535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	"Without collecting payments"? Would you collect payment info? This seems to be a slippery slope.		As stated above, as long as it is a reputable company. 					Assuming it is a reputable research team that could be trusted, I feel like there would be no harm in participating.	There would need to be a high level degree of professionalism and confidentiality, but yes, it seems like a good project.	
A3QSOD1Y7653GD	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6DBFCR9	Twitter	471	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3QVRKBAO0OQAA	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ539D70Z	NoAdvertising	12891	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	The notion of allowing the computer to be infected, and sending people spam with fake store info seems a little questionable. Also, I'm not sure it is the best measure of how people would actually behave if they got emails from a familiar store.	Yes, the experiment could produce useful information, and should not be harmful.	The experiment could produce useful security data	I think it is unethical to send fake communication to people from friends without the friends' permission. It is also unethical to trick people into giving out their passwords.	Yes, this experiment can be used to learn how to improve security of users.	Seems a little rude to send participants to fake stores, but not necessarily harmful	Yes. I do not see any harm in someone being a participant.	It doesn't seem to present any risk to the participant	I think this experiment is an invasion of privacy.	This experiment does not seem to cause any risk to participants.
A3R1SXJ6OUX8QY	3GS6S824SQY2L9R1Q07QZQLZ4RAWNA	Control	732	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	This would save a lot of people money who have trouble with their computers due to spam emails.	I think a lot of people would like to know the results from this study.	We need to know how to recognize these attacks and prevent it	We need to learn how to know how to recognize what these websites are.	I'm not sure if it would be good to do a study when the participants don't know what is really going on	If we see the effects of spam email maybe we will learn how to try to prevent them.	I think it would be good to know what percent of people post positive and negative post.	It will help us know what hackers do to get our passwords.	Websites like this cause many people problems back hacking their information	I don't like for anyone to be deceived and I know they say there is no risk but there could possibly be.
A3R27RKC1QUX0S	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKN69HW	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	227	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A3R2XAIQ3SRR7C	354GIDR5ZB76SNY9WNC7HJGIVTN004	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	3378	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	I think its important to know the tricks of scammers, but they need to be careful to not harm the participants. 	They should proceed, but the users should be debriefed first. They should see some form of consent. 	I think its important to know how people fall for attacks, that way we can prevent it in the future. 	Seems like a good experiment, but I worry about the risk to the participants. 	I don't see any real harm mentally that could come from this. 	I don't like taking the fake risk.	I think that the study is interesting and I'm curious about the results.		I wouldn't want anything attacking my account.	
A3R41M55N4F4MS	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEIK7KRD	Control	459	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no						There is no 100% gurantee that all spam will be redirect to the researchers'.				Some people easily stress out of the smallest of things.
A3R4MKXOLJO2TP	3Q5ZZ9ZEVOGN5JPDOXVYRTIRV0O850	Control	727	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Too broad a research topic	Too many people use social media, this experiment would not be controlled	That will probably gain more insight so that perhaps we could deter criminal activity	No, it's an invasion of privacy	Always with research involving humans, with caution	Each person should be responsible for monitoring their own computers, identifying and removing spam	Seems too much like mind control	The researchers should explain before the experiment, not after	Too invasive, email accounts should be private. I mean are the researchers buying an email list for this, that's really unethical	Seems somewhat deceptive
A3R7CE8MXGRVDT	31QTRG6Q2TE6DZYELG26OCBAFGHYPH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	364	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	This seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen. What if something happened so all the payment info was compromised? It seems like there would definitely be better ways to do this.	It seems a little invasive, and like there would be better ways to do it	They just need to make sure to prove to people that no information was compromised.	I feel like it would be better if when people clicked on a fraudulent link, if it would just say that it was a fraudulent link and that in a real situation their info could be at risk.. Otherwise people could get really angry		This just seems like a bad idea and I wouldn't want anyone I know to be a part of it.				
A3RCQTOLRFH2S9	30OG32W0SUC8495A50DKDKEZXQ0NEM	Control	710	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes	This seems like an extremely complex experiment and very difficult to achieve real world numbers.	It seems intrusive and manipulative and I don't see any good reason for it.	The passwords being entered must be protected.	My primary concern is the experimenters have no access to passwords or who entered what passwords - that they only have access to how many users entered correct passwords or not.	It's a valid and useful experiment.		It seems intrusive and manipulative.  Also, what right would FB have to "protect psychologically-vulnerable users"?		It's a valid and useful experiment.  I see no reason for anybody to not be included whether I care for them or not.	My caring about someone has no bearing on whether or not they should or should not be included in such an experiment.
A3RD3HSLFBG0F9	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHFR0HI	Twitter	1062	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	For the value of the end result of the research, the ethical implications of a totally blind deception racket can hardly be justified. Furthermore, the actual empirical data could be used to further the goals of spammers.	It doesn't seem particularly harmful, though I suppose the idea could be extrapolated into some form of persuasive manipulation.	The expirment setup could be a double-edged sword of sorts. On one hand, the findings would help thwart some hack attempts and other security concerns. But on the other hand, clever hackers could copy the process and steal actual passwords under the guise of an experiment.	It seems straightforward enough and limited in sample size to the University. With the caveat that the Students are told about the study after their incidental participation.	It seems like a benign enough experiment, and security warnings often require consent before activating.			As the world moves more and more on-line, security concerns are everyone's problem, and awareness is the first line of defense.		
A3RDJ5HRHPL0SC	3LOTDFNYA70QXHEKSCODRLCQ23XFW1	Twitter	225	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A3RDPNYJ523AGA	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZDHW3Y	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	567	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Might fall into a legal grey area under some jurisdictions	Let me see everything my friends post, not what you determine is better for me.	Somebody might blame the NSA		Yes because that would make this decently meta		Let me see everything my friends post, not what you determine is better for me.	People need to be aware of attacks like this	People need to be informed about phishing attacks.	
A3REDG6510328U	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YJRDCP	Twitter	364	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no			Yes, as long as no harm is done			I have no preference because there's no harm being done	It could have an effect on their personal interrelationships	There's no harm being done		
A3RF5Y6M8IIKS	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZRSGTU	UnnamedCompany	1252	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Same reasons as above. I don't understand how this works without spamming people. I don't like that the users aren't informed that the store isn't real. They might try to make a purchase with personal information.	The potential for harm seems low, but some people already at risk might be affected by the negative posts.	Same reason as above. I would want more information first. This doesn't really describe how they will act like criminal hackers and know if they are successful if no information is collected or stored.	Same reason as stated above. It seems dangerous for the researchers to be allowed to verify that the password obtained is valid. I don't trust them. They shouldn't have access to actual passwords.	With no real security risks, the experiment seems harmless to the participants. It will provide useful information on security warnings.	I don't understand how this works without spamming people. I don't like that the users aren't informed that the store isn't real. They might try to make a purchase with personal information.	I don't have much of an opinion. It doesn't seem like the study would have too much of an effect either way.	I would want more information first. This doesn't really describe how they will act like criminal hackers and know if they are successful if no information is collected or stored.	It seems dangerous for the researchers to be allowed to verify that the password obtained is valid. I don't trust them. They shouldn't have access to actual passwords.	I don't like deception, but this doesn't seem harmful.
A3RFELKHWTBCB4	3PQMUDRV7R7S6DW543QJTRGA3K0IIX	NoAdvertising	687	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	It seems to me a bit shaky of a set-up experiment at best. Doesn't seem too controlled, in my opinion.	It could do a lot of good and help people be more happy overall.	May inform participants of improving their password securities. Also, the findings may improve how to form good passwords and avoid hacker tricks.	It doesn't seem that the researchers are violating any private information and using public information they can gather (Facebook), and also allows the students to exclude themselves after the fact.	Could do a lot of good for computer security methods in the future.	I wouldn't want them to be one of the people who fall for spam e-mail and purchase something that amounts to a scam.	Seems to be okay to me. Users agree to allow their information to be used for scientific purposes when they sign up for Facebook.	Seems like an experiment that can do no harm.	Because I would want a friend of mine to understand how phishing works and how to spot it in order for them to avoid trouble.	As long as the information is unbiased and accurate, it doesn't really matter to me if a person I cared about participated.
A3RHLT6BD7RU9Q	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RX72JMH	NoAdvertising	267	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	They could be damaging people's personal property.					I wouldn't want their computer to become infected by a virus or something that spammers use to disable the usage of a computer.	I don't think it is useful information to be gained.	I would want someone to see how easy it is for information to be stolen.	It's not harmful to them.	
A3RIBFIB7C8D20	3TS1AR6UQQFB72DJK4G1Z5D99C5F7G	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	646	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes										
A3RK5LIFM82CPZ	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54ONR04	UnnamedCompany	1054	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no		Perhaps it would be okay if, in the case of Facebook, there was a message at the top of the news feed asking whether or not users were willing to participate in a research study, without necessarily detailing what it was. Perhaps a consent form like the ones I commonly have to agree to when using MTurk that details the possible risks and benefits would suffice.		It seems like they could do the experiment BUT, once the user clicks the link, showing they believed it was real, show a message that explains this was a study and says "Do not enter your information!"			Some people, especially those with mental illness, may be too adversely affected by it.	It sounds harmless enough.		Because it could cause them stress or may even cause them to harm their own computer if they are not tech savvy.
A3RL02A3JRAUS4	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFSBIO2	WithoutPublication	1046	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Maybe, but with extreme caution.	I think it would show a lot about how the human brain works.	I think it would be really helpful.	I think the researcher would have to completely explain in the debriefing that the  participant is completely safe. 	I would make sure that the debriefing explains that the participant had to be manipulated in order to get the results that they were looking for.	I'm really not sure about this one, it just doesn't sit well with me.	I think it would be an interesting experiment.	I think this could be really useful in helping people not fall victim to hackers, people these days are too gullible and give out sensitive info to easily.	I think this would be a good experiment because people don't pay enough attention these days and are easy prey...it would definitely tech people how to be more careful.	It really wouldn't matter to me, it is harmless and there were never any real risks by participating.
A3RL5GS7D158HX	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYJADR9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	985	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		it is immoral without consent.		how can any victim of this phishing be sure that some researcher wont use their passwords? they cant.		intercepting web traffic and spoofing without consent is wrong. if a person legitimately wants to make a purchase who are you to stop them by redirecting their request?	manipulating peoples emotions without their consent is wrong.	because I would not trust that the researchers were all honest. There could be fraudulent activity with the hacked passwords.	passwords should not be in the hands of anyone but the user. No consent to be a part of an experiment = immoral.	the participant agreed to a task. no passwords were collected. so yes, this is ok.
A3RLCSUSYZ5WJB	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42IC1W7A9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	360	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no							I don't believe it would effect what they posted. 	I would hope they would be smart enough not to be tricked. 		
A3RM5913JCUGCS	3H7Z272LX78MD0RF21DGU49E6ZVLPQ	WithoutPublication	684	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	I am concerned about just collecting the information and not using it as an opportunity to educate the people who fell for it.	It's been done and it sucked.					This was done and it's still blocking feeds people want to see.	As long as the researchers didn't keep the security information I think it would be a good tool. Especially if they made sure information was widely disseminated. 	I am not comfortable giving actual passwords that are then verified to be actual passwords.	My family is notorious for getting crap on my computer. Would welcome anything I can to teach them.
A3RM9W8SV15R7F	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XFZHL5R	Control	594	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	It would raise awareness about Spam & how dangerous it is.  Maybe even bring forth legislation to stop it.	Facebook should not have the power to limit someone's voice because it's negative.  Constitutional rights are being violated.  Bad call.	It will raise hacker awareness & make people realize it's a real threat.	Phishing is a real threat--most people don't realize it.  This study would bring awareness	Some people might freak out over it--it might be a good idea to ask the participants beforehand if they experience anxiety & whatnot.	Spam, like hacking and phishing, is a real threat.  It would teach the person how to detect spam & get rid of it.	It's a bogus study--Facebook should not have the power to limit someone's voice because it's negative.  Constitutional rights are being violated.  Bad call.		It would educate them to be careful about what links they click on.	All the people I know wouldn't freak out too terribly about a security risk.  Most would stay level headed and figure out how to fix it.
A3ROI7SRC1SG2K	3B2X28YI3WG2QLNYWSPDA1MSZCZB6J	Twitter	630	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	Security risks can only be mitigated so far, and I'm not convinced that the researchers are making an ethical choice in designing this study.	The experiment should have safeguards to make sure that emotionally-volatile people are not affected by the choices.	The description seems to imply that users would be asked to type a password they actually use. If the experiment was designed to make users type a password totally unrelated to those they use elsewhere, it may be more acceptable.	Impersonating real people and institutions, and actually checking passwords (which necessitates at least temporary storage), seems way too unethical to me.	I think the deception is very minor, especially compared to the data provided and its result on computer security.	This seems too close to being a security risk for users, despite how much the researchers mitigate this.		This task seems too deceptively designed.	This experiment is incredibly badly-designed, since users could become angry at their friends and the university for perceived effects and risks.	
A3ROXGTOQUO390	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRC16PCP	Control	940	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes					Obviously there is a bit of deception here which may cause some stress for a survey taker concerned about security. But there is no real danger here, so I don't see any problem with the experiment given that there may be no other viable alternatives.				By being included in the experiment, data that they provide can be used to potentially improve security risks/concerns.	By having them as part of the experiment, it's more likely that there will be an improvement of security based on the data received from them.
A3RTY05BZEA0J2	3I3WADAZ9Q5QQBCTVEKUOF8RA6OO5H	InsertPosts	778	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	No, the method needs to be adjusted to get the consent. 	The people aren't given informed consent to participate, and it could cause them some distress. 	I don't see anything wrong with it as long as the participants are willing to do the study.	I think the methods could be improved a bit to make it more ethical.	participants gave their consent.	shouldn't go forward without the participant's consent.	I don't think people should be used for research without their consent. 	sounds like the participant would be informed of the risks beforehand	i'm in the middle. I don't like the idea of using people BEFORE their consent is given, but since they can opt out after they are informed, it makes it slightly better. 	participants gave their consent.
A3RURMHDEQEYST	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4I9C0Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	257	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
A3RUSVAHREXB16	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMWLV2U	Twitter	1181	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	Same as above. It's a waste of the user's time. 	It's immoral to do this to someone without their consent. 	No harm, no foul.  Especially in a HIT where someone is being paid for their time. 	Researching student's facebook friends and then taking their time and possibly causing stress in their lives is not something a university should participate in. 	Same as above.  I think it wastes time and doesn't pay users who back out, and could even skew the results. 	The user's time is being wasted when they cannot purchase something they are trying to.  It's a direct interference in their life. 	I wouldn't want someone I know to be subjected to this without their knowledge. 	They're being paid for their time, and educated at the same time. 	It's not right to interfere with someone's personal time/life. 	If I came across this warning i would likely back out and return the HIT, thus wasting my time.  
A3RVICAY4DBNJS	33F859I566EINA7FSBGH7SBI8NCHBH	UnnamedCompany	728	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	Be careful not to enable these spammers	I don't foresee any negative side effects resulting from this study	Yes. The benefits from this study would be very useful in the field of security	Many students may not want to participate and wouldn't appreciate being automatically opted-in	I don't foresee any risks with this study and the benefits seem good	I don't want any of my friends or family getting spam emails and then being tracked.	Seems like a harmless experiment to me.	I don't see any negative effects resulting from this study, so I'd be fine with family or friends participating.	I'm a bit nervous that passwords might not be stored securely enough and would be easily lost or stolen or misused	
A3RVTUCJP2KBJ7	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASS2LEE	WithoutImprovingProduct	322	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3RW5C1G9LVVV4	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOBWSLQU	Twitter	518	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3RYH6OUH7BJ4Z	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6QS1FS	WithoutImprovingProduct	586	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
A3S2DKEKTEOOIZ	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U743VZJ	UnnamedCompany	654	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	A better design is needed	Could cause serious harm to someone	No negative consequences to the study on participants	The negative backlash from this would vastly outweigh any information gathered, especially being able to comment online.		This has too many variables to be a well controlled study 	Could negatively affect people plus invades personal relationships and space	There is neither a real cost nor gain to the experiment for a participant, so the choice is really up to the individual.	They actually store and test the passwords	No negative effects from participating
A3S3D4TI6N8873	3IOEN3P9S7K1DN56UVWO4P9JD1761W	UnnamedCompany	778	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	Just make sure that there is no financial information entered and kept.	It's not invasive.  It's not nice, but it's not using personal information or collecting anything sensitive.	It's invasive, unfair, and just reeks of skullduggery	You can't guarantee that someone will not take the information and run with it for nefarious purposes.  To even consider doing that sort of collection of information is wrong.	I don't think this is invasive, it doesn't retain personal information. and there's a detailed explanation given afterward.	It's a fake store, there's no payment information being gathered. My only caveat is that at the end, there should be some sort of message stating what's happened as that may make the user more cautious about clicking on random links.	I don't like it because you're screwing with a person's right to information, but Facebook does it all the time by deciding who and what posts you see.	I take computer security and personal information security seriously. This is a deception that I think is grossly unfair and unethical.	Good lord, is there no ethics committee that oversees such unabashedly bad proposals?? 	Nearly all of my friends and family would know better than to go with it and ignore the warning screen
A3S3DWY8PI3YRB	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YA4CDJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	713	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent		Yes, with the caution, that participants can opt out and that they are informed that there is an experiment happening.  I do not feel that they need to know what type of experiment.  They do need to know one is taking place.	The caution should include that everyone needs to be informed that their activities are being monitored for a study.			I feel that this protects the general consumer, and only affect those who would knowingly fall for a spam scheme.	No, only because I feel that the subjects should be informed.  I understand that legally, they are informed in their terms of service agreement, however, to me, this feels like it is not informed consent because the participants may not have explicitly known that they were participating.  	No- simply because I feel that they should be informed that the experiment needs to be carefully conducted.  I feel that the participants should know that there is an experiment going on, and that it involves security.  If this is clearly understood, I am okay with it.  	Phishing is frightening and can affect the general public by tricking them.  The researchers are using the established scheme to protect consumers.  	I feel if the participant is informed that they are completing a HIT and it is part of a study, the additional surprise is okay because the participant was informed.  Without the surprise, the experiment would cease to exist.
A3S4NSSE2C913B	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJWLG4G	NoAdvertising	1278	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	This sounds ridiculous! Spam is easily blocked, deleted or ignored.  If certain people are going to spend money on it than any attempt to get rid of it is folly. I am against spam but if it makes money than it must have people that want it to continue.  I do not feel there is a need to get so in deep as a fake spammer.  I disapprove. 	Are you saying that actual Facebook accounts will be hacked into and edited somehow? I do not see how you can do this in a real account without interfering where you are not given permission to go? 	Again... no real passwords should be sought.  If someone is given a password in a single location that they are told ... as with all passwords... that they must protect, than and only then do I feel this is alright. 	No no no!!  I consider it stalking to go into Facebook or other social media for such personal information. Even if you belatedly tell someone its for research, you have still given them an actual experience of stalking... meaning that they can and likely will feel violated and suspicious in the future. 	QUOTE... "If the researchers are not allowed to perform this experiment, they will not be able to measure the effectiveness of different designs for computer security warnings." \r\n\r\nI disagree.  Security breaches happen all the time. Software can be created to record what people actually do... which is much more REAL than any staged situation.  Why not gather real data instead?  	This does not sound safe from virus attacks, etc. 		I think this is alright... ONLY IF... the subjects are put somewhere such as a campus computer lab and given passwords that only apply to that location and that situation.  	No... not just no but HE** no! I believe this is unethical. Not just because it exposes students to actual phishing... yes that is what the researches would be doing.  But also because the internet is not a safe place. Others break into and watch people's on line activity every day.  Even a pretend attempt puts people at unnecessary risk. 	It sounds like this will be set up in a way that will not interfere with someone's actual accounts, passwords or personal information. 
A3S78R0M5UTTPO	3VHP9MDGRNLHJJ8FBLOCFR5NAQ4FCN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	441	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	no	no		Everyone needs more positive thoughts	Thinking about it, you never know who is trustworthy and who isn't. The experiment may come from a great complany, doesn't mean there isn't a bad apple working for them.				Facebook has turned into a platform for all subjects such as politics, which is great, but after a while it gets to where I don't even want to look on Facebook. I joined to keep in touch with friends and family and see some funny stuff on the way. 	I would want them to experiment as long as the experiment is with a reputable group and not too much personal information is given out. This could be one way to steal personal info. 		
A3S7IJ6U3X8VZ2	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0V0XSY	UnnamedCompany	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	Its too vulnerable, letting attackers have access to a researchers computer, no matter how much control they think they will have.	Anonymous experiments like this could be slippery and may frighten some people	Again, a very slippery experiment and could go wrong.	This is very fragile. Password security is a big problem, and something could go wrong.	Many people could complain about the researchers saying that they were sent to a malicious site.			Seems too malicious	Password security is important	
A3S82HH8TIQYWE	33UKMF9319L8O5SRSRORL5KSPPITT6	UnnamedCompany	1007	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	It could yield valuable data but it seems unethical to just let it happen and not tell anyone.	It may yield interesting data and would likely have very few negative consequences.		It seems like a very worthwhile experiment.		I hope people I care about wouldn't get scammed like this.		It could tech them safer Internet behavior.		
A3S87CX8T0H7FU	31QNSG6A5RU2SN3WCQAVPDWNM9N87P	Twitter	1032	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3SB3Y41WJ6LKS	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4RXKSI	Control	525	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes					They should use caution so they don't get their information stolen.					Yes I would because it might help them be more aware.
A3SDGYQ2173SKH	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0SQXSI	WithoutPublication	820	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	Same as previous box. You could probably have it to see if they add to cart and try to check out. Then where they usually enter info say "JK, this is spam"	I don't think it's really a big deal. It would also be kind of interesting to see how many people are followers or trying to "one up" their friends.	Stealing passwords is always a bad idea. They're supposed to be private for a reason.	Too much could go wrong. Security and trust would have to be through the roof to pull this off.	I think it's fine as long as they take into account how people will react if they do get a security warning. As long as no damage is done it's all good.	It depends if they're aware of it being spam before they put in any real personal information.	I really don't care. It's not too intrusive because they're already sharing those updates with many of their friends and probably acquaintances and people they barely know.	It says they won't steal or collect passwords, but they're still seeing them. Can the people who do this work be trusted? What if their computer is infected with virus or something that can see what is typed?	You're dealing with people's real passwords here. And to their bank accounts no less. Bad idea.	I don't think it's a big deal if they do or not. Would kind of feel bad about them being deceived, but it seems like it's for a good cause if they put the data to use. Could cut down on the calls I get because parents or grandparent computers aren't working.
A3SEOM3RRHZOR2	3R2UR8A0IAHZSUW31K3PGYZB36OOXJ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	999	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes	I think there should be a way to allow the customer to make their purchase. Otherwise you set up a situation where there is untrue bad experiences with a retailer. 	People can get very territorial about their Facebook accounts. Messing with what they see and don't see on their feeds could make users uncomfortable. 	I think the research is needed. However I have reservations about people revealing true passwords. Although the researchers may not use/steal this info, there could be other security issues involved. 	Because the participants are not agreeing to be part of a study, I think this should not be allowed. 	The only drawback I can see is Turkers returning a HIT because of the security warning, rather than continuing to the end. 	This is iffy. If it is a legitimate request to purchase and the store has been disabled, the customer could become upset with the store for not getting the products, when the store is not at fault. 	This sounds like an okay experiment. 	Whether for research or not, I don't think it is right to trick people into revealing any kind of password information. 	This is completely wrong because the "participants" are not even aware they are being part of a study at all, let alone what the study pertains too. Also the "searching" of the Facebook profile seems a bit off too.	I think in this case, since there is no risk, and no personal info is being requested, this would be a helpful study.
A3SHZQLYH7L1V4	3LPW2N6LKT3L3GWQR0W3NL0GSR35U0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	369	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3SI83QHG0L2P1	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZWAXVD	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	10969	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Subjects remain anonymous. Would like them to be informed after the fact.	This whole experiment is unethical.	Participants remain anonymous. 	I really feel weird about the researches studying FB accounts. It would seem hard to stay anonymous if a researcher is crawling your profile.	Not sure how realistic it would be on mTurk.	Anonymity of purchasers is preserved.	I don't believe one should experiment on anyone without informed consent.	Acceptable practice	No informed consent in advance from participants.	
A3SIA323575DXZ	3D8YOU6S9ELHMKW4WJ68FREGOPA6UJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	702	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	The results might be interesting, but it's arrogant to believe you can hack the hackers' hacks.	Nobody signed up for this.	Like all of the hypothetical studies in this study, this is terribly irresponsible.	Wasting time and money. This sort of information is best left as statistical estimation, and accepted as low accuracy.	This study would be a waste of time and resources, and would result in very inaccurate numbers. The assumption is that everyone who sees a convincing error believes that it is there. Those who ignore it are then viewed wrongly, if in reality they did know. It's not a well formed study.		The study entirely lacks ethics. This is toying with the emotional state of potentially fragile folks.	I wouldn't support anyone being subjected to a study without knowing anything is coming. 	This study is unethical. Entirely.	In this particular case, the layout of the study itself is flawed.
A3SIW6V6Y7CYJG	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAGZ7IJR	Control	650	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	those involved in the experiment are being uses as test subjects without their approval	this experiment would exploit Facebook users trust in the company	I feel this would be a good way for people to understand the risk of password theft	some people may be upset by this experiment	I do not feel anyone would be put in any harm	I do not feel this experiment is well thought out	Facebook does not have a right to alter peoples' posts without their permission	I feel this experiment poses no harm 	I do not feel the experiment poses any harm	I have no issue with this warning
A3SJTY0T4BAI9H	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFGN530	WithoutPublication	1341	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes					There is no reason that I can think of as to why this experiment shouldn't be allowed.		I don't think this study is necessary and serves no real purpose.	This scenario is similar to the previous one. I do not agree with researchers having access to my personal passwords. The passwords can be used in nefarious ways due to not being able to know peoples true intentions. 	I do not trust anyone who is trying to get a hold of my personal passwords regardless if it's for research purposes and that includes the university.	
A3SLKNG2ZWFQQQ	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGVA29TT	WithoutPublication	489	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't think researchers should be allowed to play with peoples emotions								
A3SM6Q0U1306EI	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVJT1SO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1051	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	It would be a potential privacy issue and there would be a problem with people not getting the product that they are purchasing that they may file a lawsuit. 	It is not unethical to do this study. 	Researchers need to make sure that the person taking the study is well informed of the situation that their passwords would not be stolen.		Reseachers need to be careful that people would not overreact by giving a powerful security risk that could cause them to believe that they are at risk.	It would be a potential privacy issue.	That person would not mind being a part of this experiment.			That person would not mind.
A3SMI336IV8HK3	3483FV8BEEK828N2DZW298JO53T269	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes	seems risky to my computer				yes i believe they should its the reason being it		its a positive experiment that is safe and easy to do 		seems a little odd to enter personal information	yes i would like them to be included the more people to do the experiment the better
A3SO3B7PJ4N6UQ	3SB5N7Y3O3533R9UAP1A2B3Y2CZG0E	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	382	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	I don't think this is ethical.		If people want to do it and it cause no harm why not.			Seems like it could cause trouble		I would be to worried about people stealing my passwords.		They will figure it out themselves
A3SPBZX4V791H7	3LUY3GC63Z1NYF2DY7C6BZRDBFO7P1	UnnamedCompany	666	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		No. They shouldn't have the right to manipulate peoples social lives.		They shouldn't be able to use other peoples emails as a disguise for their study.						
A3SPYHC5V0ZPX1	3NQL1CS15R9JIJVA7SB5U40S12BVYO	WithoutPublication	2033	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	"Hey, lets unknowingly infect people with HIV to test these new drugs.  We'll just let the virus in a little bit, but we will maintain sufficient control to..."  	Negative moods can be life threatening to those with mood disorders.  But I'm sure they took steps to make sure those people were filtered out, right?  Right?	Again, the overall security of the operation could be easily compromised by sloppy design or execution.  Just because the researchers have good intentions doesn't mean someone else watching does. 	This is like shooting a person wearing a bullet proof vest.  Sure, it will verify the vest is working, but you're risking way too much.  People who design security for a living mess these things up sometimes, but I'm sure researchers won't make any mistakes, cause they are perfect.	It says there will be no real security risks, but the last one said they'd retain control on the computer the spammer took over, so by now I doubt the intelligence of all computer researchers until proven otherwise.	"while the researchers maintain sufficient control of the computer" -HAH!  You people are funny.  If the person who wrote this wasn't making a joke, then they should not be allowed near computer security.  This sounds like a description from a movie, and hacking is not like the movies.	You don't take random people who didn't agree (and the recent edit to the facebook policy is bullshit) and screw around with their moods. This is supposed to be research, not candid camera.	It all depends on two things, 1) the ethics of the researcher.  2) The Operational Security of the researcher.  If their "study" is designed poorly, a hacker *could* piggyback off their study to steal the passwords.  These researchers would need to be experts in tech security, because this could easily be something where the researchers build a security hole that hackers use maliciously.	Holy crap, this description borders on reckless.  It would be so easy to exploit this, particularly the part about verifying the stolen passwords against the university system.  So many potential points of failure here.  If this was tried and it didn't crash and burn, that was luck.	It sounds ok on its face, but I'd want more specific details.  
A3SQHOAG2Z34EW	373ERPL3YO9V8QFZO2JWLQJA1UKRT6	WithoutImprovingProduct	1066	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Certain portions of this study may be illegal.			Researchers should use less damaging access to personal information as the basis for this study.					I wouldn't want the person I cared about to expose their password (and therefore personal information) to possible exploitation.	
A3SQUS8GXNTCSU	33ISQZVXPPNAG7O5KJYB7LKKD7ECCZ	InsertPosts	330	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3SRLT2FRKRPFX	3KYQYYSHYV8LUORMAK2DMRWJNMBODC	Control	789	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		"features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users"  sounds like a desire to control or manipulate people.  I see no value added to society from this research only value for entities that want to gain from exposing people's weaknesses.					When people post on facebook they expect the information to get to their friends,withholding negative posts without their knowledge violates that trust.			
A3SXPTVSFV6ANH	3RSDURM96AN2G89OC2MVU0C61ICYEB	Twitter	395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3SXUKV4HS821L	3WYP994K17SY3TG96K3XICKTKC1Y6N	InsertPosts	766	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
A3SYKB6GWHMFFP	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUMQ1EH	NoAdvertising	1432	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	 I think this is a great research study. It would also shake a dew spammers up and maybe they would not spam again using a false way to get another person's money.	The site is not made to manipulate other friends posts or emotions.	I think that researchers should continue with the experiment, but be cautious of who they decide to choose to experiment on.	I think that this would be a valid study and the results could be used to prevent this type of hacking.	I think that this study would be beneficial 	This experiment I think might be okay. ..Being extremely deceptive to spammers would not bother me..  	It's too much trickery for a social site. 	I would not want them to be tricked unknowingly or think that their passwords were stolen. 	I know they have to be deceived to get the results, but I'd not want someone I cared for tricked.	I think this would be a good study to see how others react to security warnings from otherwise trusted sites. 
A3SZ66VCWNQLGS	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WEVFU32	InsertPosts	953	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I think the study would be beneficial, but I don't like the deception. 	It seems perfectly acceptable, but I don't know how beneficial the results would be.	There should be a better way to do it. I'm not sure how, though.	There should be a better way to do it.	The results of an experiment like this could be very useful. The results could help with computer security going forward. 	I wouldn't want people I care about to be deceived like that.	I have no moral qualms with this study. 	I don't like the idea of participants being "attacked" without being warned about it, even if the researchers aren't doing any damage.	It seems morally wrong to have them participate unknowingly. 	This doesn't seem morally wrong. 
A3T3K88IYZ9H8K	3W2LOLRXLBGW57PCUT54KZWEIJXKR1	Twitter	798	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		Low risk.	Useful. 	Seems like a good idea. 	Seems like a good idea. 		No risk. 	Worthwhile study.	There's a slight risk, but seems controlled. 	Doesn't seem to be any risk. 
A3T59I4GT0P1LK	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV38QHIA	InsertPosts	310	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		What's the harm?				Once again: I wouldn't trust the research group.		You don't know these people.	Again with the passwords.	
A3T5E7K68QRMKC	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOB43LQL	NoAdvertising	340	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A3T5Z3LJCL15I	378XPAWRUCED0VD7SFY6CTSRQAZAIL	Control	7361	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Yes, the controls seem fine.	This is a stupid study because the answer is pretty self-evident, but I see nothing wrong with it.	They have included necessary precautions.	I do not think it is ethical for researchers to use people they actually know and have power over as participants in an experiment without the students' knowledge.	The deception is not actually harmful to anyone.	I have no preference.  Their personal information is not being collected so it is okay.	Facebook is all about emotional manipulation anyway.	This seems fine.	Professors are already manipulative assholes even without exploiting their own students for research.	Same as the others.  Necessary precautions are taken.  
A3T79IEUFBB473	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXGAM9ZF	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	662	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes		Only with permission from users and I don't mean fine print that everyone agrees to but never reads.	Caution not to actually collect passwords or freak people out.	Researchers should not have access to personal Facebook accounts. 	You wouldn't want to freak anyone out or cause them any expense.	This research serves no useful purpose.	I don't like Facebook manipulating someone's posts without their knowledge.	It would actually be a service to them.	Seems like a real invasion of privacy.	Useful information could result from this study.
A3T7O83FKQ2ET7	3AQF3RZ558JS32ZE1UB9TRDDE566F1	NoAdvertising	411	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes			No one will be hurt by this experiment and they have to be deceived for the experiment to work.					It seems harmless		
A3T8EY2LHB5DWA	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U7WDZVH	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	512	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes									Most people I know have heard of these attacks and are aware, but I'd still like for the attempt to trick them to be made. 	To scare them and help them realize risk with computer security. It's very over looked from the common man perspective. 
A3T9SHAYOD51J8	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YXJRES	Twitter	579	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3TB9IMJFHXSRO	3A4NIXBJ760GSXU2ALLOD0FJ1YBMLU	InsertPosts	433	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A3TBVKVDXWR3US	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0X3N2X	WithoutImprovingProduct	380	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
A3TDQF22AS9VGQ	3VSOLARPKBAK59LJF6DJCSFI1BT93G	WithoutPublication	308	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3TE6P6BTAI3WG	3L4D84MILZTO5T5RG3TY5GUVGJSJHT	Control	347	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A3TEPDQ7RKDCH3	3PXX5PX6LXZ3DNZ1M56PQ6OEVLJBAJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	533	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes									It is a good lesson on how easily it is to be hacked.	
A3TGVFOL1WPDJW	3I2PTA7R3TVWT6ACHEG4F9M9M5CQK3	NoAdvertising	601	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3THR2UWGQNVX4	3TEM0PF1Q5Y0R7Z38Z02WQ01PRW0DF	InsertPosts	4767	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I understand the need for such a study, but there needs to be some element of transparency. People need to know after the fact what had happened. I don't think that it's ethical to leave people in the dark on lingering issues like this.	See above.	Same as above.	No. Figure out how to alert people that they're being studied before you go about fiddling with their lives, or else don't do it.	I don't see why not. There's no adverse effect on the test subjects, and this sounds like a pretty standard testing situation.	It's a tricky situation, but the total lack of disclosure might result in some medium-term problems, particularly with confusion over bank statements and time lost waiting for products that will never arrive. There's some lasting psychological disturbance that could well affect a person's life in a meaningful way -- though it's hard to say how meaningful. Probably small in most cases, but you can't really know. 	Messing with people's moods is bad news. If a fragile participant gets driven to suicide over this experiment, there will be hell to pay. 	There's full disclosure. There's no lingering effect. It's a typical, apparently ethical study. 	There's an ethical problem in that people aren't aware that they're even part of a study. That's a big no-no, for reasons I'm too tired to get into. 	Sure. This is a lab setting, and it doesn't sound like any personal information or risk is going to be a factor. Sounds like a typical blind experiment to me.
A3TJ64O4M8WGR0	3PXX5PX6LXZ3DNZ1M56PQ6OEVNSBAW	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	385	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no										
A3TJFUKGXNUVLZ	3BXQMRHWKZZJBNHWJZDP4NB2EPYMUI	UnnamedCompany	350	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Violates privacy rights.			Only if not verifying passwords.		Violates privacy rights.			Their valid passwords would be revealed to researchers.	
A3TK7HVFEKB00R	3QY7M81QH7NMNO5XLF7YFI5EH8IK7J	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	218	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3TK9CLBA65ZZE	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUMZ1EQ	Twitter	2028	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A3TK9GIX5SL4UQ	3ZAZR5XV01JNO0ZFCXIJIJL5MTXCZ3	Control	380	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3TN3GQAO61BVB	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGF476B	WithoutImprovingProduct	591	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	The people will not know they were duped--this shouldn't be done.	I read a comment about this actual experiment where someone suggested that people with depression could be made worse by seeing a bunch of negative stuff on FB.		Using the names of friends without their knowledge is wrong.	There could be problems if people see the security warning and then exit the survey without ever seeing that it wasn't a real threat; they would still think that something had happened.	There is very little difference between this experiment and actual spam.	Messing around with people's communication with their friends--no.	If the passwords are never at risk it might be ok...	This sounds too invasive and I find it questionable to use Facebook info that way.	As long as there was no real risk and they were told about it after, I think it's OK.
A3TP3QZ1VI7SHX	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEXXI2Y	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1258	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
A3TPP3BP72RG6A	3WEV0KO0OMT0SGJFH1JM6W6KKI3DS1	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	768	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	While not directly sending spam, the researchers are going to stand by silently as people are deceived. I cannot condone this behavior.\r\n			It just sounds sleazy.			This is an example of a corporation trying to take advantage of its consumers. People go on Facebook expecting to see what has been posted in a chronological order. By exposing them to only positive updates, the corporation is now dictating what the consumers see and don't see. If someone posts something sad or angry, it gets ignored when they could use some help.	How can I trust that the information collected isn't going to be used for malicious purposes? 	I'm pretty sure there are guidelines in place for how psychological experiments are to be done. You are not supposed to deceived people and cause them potential distress	Because the whole experiment sounds borderline unethical. If someone signs up for a survey with one set of expectations, but are then deceived for an ulterior motive, I do not think I could in good conscience recommend the study to someone I cared about.
A3TPXAVJFKKIBF	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW66KTKH	WithoutImprovingProduct	5284	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	no	indifferent	no						It seems unethical to publish data about consumer behavior and to allow people to give financial information, even if it will be anonymous, without the explicit consent of the participant.	I would not want someone I care about to be used for an experiment they are not aware of, especially if it has the potential to affect their mood and emotional well-being.	There is too much room for privacy issues here and participants should be able to opt out.	I have no issue with this, because the participant is given the option to opt out and not have their data included, if they'd like.	The level of transparency here is acceptable, but there should be a way to opt out.
A3TSHG5R492EHU	3PJUZCGDJ6H666RPRN8F39NTHVT98C	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	296	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
A3TSX6OITQPBR6	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHRNAQ9	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	844	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	Again, there seems to be no real harm, except deception. The participants can later be informed that they were participating in a study.	Again, I don't like Facebook and find that it is deceptive not just for the purposes of research, but for the purposes of misuse and abuse. So I don't support anything they do.		I'd be interested to know the results.	The study seems interesting and important, considering most people these days now -- and are often required to -- interact with computers in some fashion.	There seems to be no real harm, just deception. Plus, this sounds like interesting research, so I support it being conducted.	The main reason is simply that I don't like Facebook, thus, don't support any of their work, including research.		While the deception here is a bit high and concerns something very private/personal, I don't find it necessarily bad or made to cause any real harm.	The deception here seems typical of most studies, and there is no real risk.
A3TU2K7UBWLSN5	3UN61F00HWQTNO49N61YIADWLXKR5D	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										If I knew they weren't in actual danger I would be ok with it if they were healthy and I knew they could handle it. And they were compensated well for it.
A3TXYLDT7XE3U3	3PQ8K71NHXLYUDU9GR6TVV48D54AAX	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	408	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent				I think this violates privacy.						
A3TYFZBH05ZN12	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7K0UI97	WithoutPublication	1020	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	People will enter their credit card information and extra care must be taken to make sure that none of it even enters your system since people are not given a choice to participate or not.	Trying to control other people's moods just is not cool.	This is a useful study, but extra care must be taken to make sure that no passwords are ever stored or collected for anyone to see since people are not given a choice of whether or not they can participate.	You could end up with passwords that grant access to confidential information and I don't trust you that much.	No apparent harm could come from this experiment, so I see no reason why it should be stopped, but since it is deceitful extra care should be taken to make sure participants remain anonymous.	It seems as though no harm could come from this study, and I am curious myself. The apparent lack of the ability to chose whether or not you can participate is troublesome however.	If the person is depressed already then seeing other peoples negative posts could send them further into depression and they might harm themselves or others.		You could end up with passwords that grant access to confidential information and I don't trust you that much.	While there is deceit in the way the study is performed it is necessary and more importantly it imposes no harm. If they want to participate fine, if they don't then it's their choice.
A3TZZADDWD7O1A	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6ZP5V4	NoAdvertising	1323	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The participants must be explicitly notified beforehand, they must be compensated financially ($1 a day for each day they're subjected to only good or bad news), and they must be made aware of the benefits/risks.	Must be CERTAIN that these passwords are not actually being collected.			My only concern is that people will be angry that they can't actually buy anything from the researchers' website. Otherwise, I think this experiment is quite clever.	The whole concept is bunk, to be frank. Facebook shouldn't have a feature that "protects the moods of psychologically vulnerable users." It's a digital newspaper of your friends' lives - the good the bad and the ugly. As for the experiment, I wouldn't want one of my friends to be bombarded with negative news all the time, missing the positive news. That might make them sad. 	This study also sounds fair - participants will be monetarily rewarded, no real risk.		This study sounds fair, given that the participants are not actually exposed to risk and they've already agreed to a study and will, presumably, be reimbursed.
A3U1D6KG2MP51L	3WYP994K17SY3TG96K3XICKTKAKY62	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent										
A3U2PA1GJ3W93Y	39U1BHVTDLS3POUXDCI03SGUVG0T30	Control	361	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no			passwords are private information.  Period			no fooling around with someone's computer information	\r\nAgain, no one should mess with any information		No messing with computers	What happens on computers is personal, private and nobody should be messing with someone else's computer
A3U3JYF64SJ4EJ	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCR2IS7	InsertPosts	883	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A3U43HHEJMS4CV	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSTN028	WithoutPublication	479	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A3U5EN4EFBWYNE	3TESA3PJ31B0YFCNAXM3DDU810IMM7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	608	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	They are not taking any personal information. Ina  way, they are preventing people from making bad decisions and purchasing the products.	It will yield valuable information on how social networks affect users' moods. 		They are not doing any harm, only researching the frequency of phishing sites. They also are telling the students afterwards that this is a study and they are free to opt out. I see no moral or logical reasons why they should not proceed.	The Turkers should still be paid and given a debriefing on the experiment. Other than that, it looks fine. 	I do not want anyone I know to be infected by spam.	I see no harm in this experiment. 		I would not like anyone I know to be inattentive enough to fall for these phishing scams. 	
A3U6RJHTOM1NND	3EG49X351UD93OQZ1OHVZYDKI4J6XX	WithoutPublication	413	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
A3UA8LGTXS3J05	3GLB5JMZFXWX2BAOM1P5HINHW3DDGD	NoAdvertising	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	data may be useful on affects of spam	No opinion as not sure if the research has a lot of benefits	Would want participants to believe was done by researchers 	Would request the participants to change passwords afterwards	yes it would be the only way for accurate results	Causes no direct harm	I do not like facebook in general	would make you open your eyes to the facts of how easy it is	harmless and beneficial	yes it is harmless
A3UAJZ1F0IW1CW	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXJG3JM	WithoutPublication	374	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes										
A3UEZXOQ09SO0F	369J354OFDBYH2V9CEHRBCDPFH3G61	WithoutImprovingProduct	310	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	no			It's a good thing to test it out so we can learn how to prevent it but we need to make sure that people are employed that are trustworthy and have good intentions.					If my mother did this experiment, it would make her paranoid about the internet even more so than already.		
A3UGO2TJ5X9X68	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XX14T10	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	618	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no				for it's deceptive and represents an invasion of privacy   	because it take a way consent 				because it's unethical 	for i don't think that it's nice to be deceived 
A3UIDRGBV9NJWR	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMFZI19	UnnamedCompany	571	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	There's already enough spam emails in existence.		Tricking people like this is really shady and will probably get you in trouble really fast.	It might be alright if you were collecting trivial information about the test subjects, but not real passwords that you actually check the validity of.	A simple and fake security warning probably won't cause a lot of trouble.		It seems like an ultimately harmless experiment.	If they're not actually stealing information it shouldn't be that much of an issue.		
A3UJXUGXJZC7R9	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQ4CWVB	Control	220	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A3UK3JZUTWDDP3	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLHL8GH	InsertPosts	473	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It will help explain how spammers are infiltrating our systems.	This could cause users to abandon the system.	Will only help the participants.	You don't want to lose users, and you don't want to make anyone feel dumb.  Especially students.	No harm.	There is no harm being done.		They would be made aware of the study and that will help them in the future to avoid attacks.		Nobody will actually be exposed to any risk.
A3UL11F53JIXXM	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSP5LVO	WithoutImprovingProduct	780	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes					IN THIS EXPERIMENT PEOPLE WILL LESS LIKELY TAKE THE SECURITY RISK IN MY OPINION, IT MAY IMPROVE HOW ONE WILL ACT WHEN A SECURITY WARNING COMES UP  					
A3UNAQJKJK0HOI	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSQSLVD	WithoutPublication	304	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		Sounds reasonable.	It sounds reasonable but must be handled well.		Sounds reasonable but needs caution.		I tsounds interesting but i'm indifferent.	I am unsure how i feel about the study.		No preference.
A3UQVB0M11LKUG	3R2PKQ87NW9E2WMWPIOBLKNRKSLMIG	WithoutImprovingProduct	334	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
A3UR1AE3D5U7F	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CE8JZS	InsertPosts	687	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	Again, it's important to have ample resources available to users so they are not as susceptible to a SPAM website's influence.			Because this experiment deals with actually recording the students' private data (passwords) and trying them to see if they actually work, many students could feel violated and, therefore, become upset. I believe this to be an important study, but one where they should tread lightly with the password recordings.		Spam is an ongoing battle in the computer world. Studies such as these that accurately calculate how many people actually believe and give in to these SPAM websites would help to increase the amount of information available to regular users of how to stay safe against them.				
A3URNV625JS985	3ZGVPD4G6TI4AH1QYJD97TL9ABZTZX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	502	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	It would allow us to see just how effective spam emails really are.		It will help us learn more about security.			I would want to see how they respond to spam emails.		It would teach the participant how they can get deceived and prevent further deception.		
A3URSY316O7QKA	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMPXH0EG	WithoutPublication	564	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	The researchers are using their own computer and are lessening the impact of the natural course of a spam email. The precautions they take are very good.	Unless the researchers are obtaining informed consent, this is highly unethical because it causes people to be denied information they would otherwise have. For example, the post of the death of a close friend or family member might be excluded.	The experiment is certainly valuable but the lack of consent is a huge sticking point.	This seems like a legitimate experiment but I would like to know a bit more before declaring it proceed-worthy or not.	The precautions are very good. There is no harm to the participants of the study.	My friend wouldn't know so I have no preference on their inclusion in the study.	This seems highly unethical unless the person I know gives consent.	When the study is revealed, there might be emotional harm from the revelation of security vulnerabilities.	This seems like a legitimately safe experiment to perform.	My friend will not know about the study so I have no preference whether or not they participate.
A3USS4O0RQZ37K	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DGSDNQL	Twitter	429	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I hope there is also a moment where you tell the person it was an experiment after it is completed. 							It would depend on the person. If it was my older inlaws I might not want them to because they might get extremely upset. If it was my sister or something than I think it would be interesting to see how she would handle it.		
A3USVMI6MKHOZ	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHJ2QAO	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I can think of no other way to obtain reliable data on the matter.	It seems harmless and could provide some good data for researchers.		It is almost certain that the experiment will upset a lot of people, and it should.  Those that are wise enough to see the purpose of the study will eventually benefit from it.	This experiment seems quite harmless and could provide some important data to researchers.		This seems quite harmless.	Again, the worst case scenario is that this person would learn a valuable lesson about security.	At the very worst, the person in the experiment would learn a valuable lesson.	
A3UTT0I3W37RSE	3EQHHY4HQST2YYVV7V7MJ6ZPJIN5GX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	880	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	As above.  But participants need to be debriefed and informed of the study's purpose at the end.	As above	Again, I think it's harmless.  But I think participants should be debriefed with the details of the experiment after it's over.	As above	Harmless and will allow collection of data that may be important	Harmless, but may annoy participants.  May allow collection of valuable data.	I don;t think a well-recognized site like Facebook should be used for that purpose.	I think that the research is harmless to the participants and may help them learn something about how to protect their passwords/personal information on the internet.	This also seems harmless and may help people to protect their data	Harmless and may be beneficial to participants
A3UVML35K4HFAJ	3NKQQ8O39Y6G7TBJ66EMLXO85JEDUF	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	security purposes	it is perfectly fine.	that way we will know how many people fall prey to hackers.	so companies can know  where they are when it comes to security			It doesn't matter to me. it is for research purposes and it is nothing bad.	if it will help security, than so be it.	so we can be helped with security.	Because i think a lot of us have gone through this.
A3UX00GW7VN6RU	37M28K1J0QE9V6XDAXJ6OU7R3TBJA1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	420	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				This is an experiment that harms no one but helps many. 	There is no actual risk and it has a lot of potential benefit. 				It doesn't matter who the candidates are as long as the researchers get good results. 	I don't feel it matters who the candidates are. What matters is that the researchers are able to design a good security warning.
A3UXNQLD9OWFMY	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5HLUVG	WithoutImprovingProduct	1081	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	Illegal	Corrupt process can not win for science any clue but the researcher is fool	Hacking for science--no way	Come up with a scientific process that does not violate privacy	Why not	This is deceptive and breaks the law..noo one can redirect a buyer trying to contact a seller	I need privacy..eyeryone needs their privacy secure and protected.  This method denies my security, the security of my friends, and our privacy	Deceptive and I beleive illegalor should be	Privacy is a concern when particpating in a "survey".  There is none here,.	Sounds exciting
A3UY8CNQAWNP3G	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z1DFO4	Twitter	381	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes										
A3UYY92WMM5V1H	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIODOEJG	WithoutImprovingProduct	475	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent		This study is completely unethical and could actually have some truly negative effects on the unwilling participants. 	Since the researchers will explain to the participants what happened and how to secure themselves in the future, the outcomes of this study could be very positive. 	It seems to have an ethical violation when it comes to consent. 	This study seems benign. As long as no security risk is present and information is kept anonymous, this study should be able to proceed, especially if the user was aware of the study after it concluded. 		This is a completely violation of the terms of that website. 	This could function as an educational experience. 		The study seems harmless. 
A3V4RQCV749KKJ	3IAEQB9FMELTZX0O16TN3L95QNVDWW	NoAdvertising	298	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes										
A3V5ZWYFPIENOI	3XLBSAQ9Z4DHCJ4JLGA82XTRLH77Z4	WithoutImprovingProduct	254	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes										
A3V6M08G06MRK2	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XXZ41T4	NoAdvertising	4156	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	There's still a chance to screw things up, so they have to be very careful.	The experiment is very wrong in how the researchers are treating the subjects and screwing with their lives.	There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it from what the description said.	It's too invasive to the students without their consent.	Some people may get distressed by it, so the researchers need to take pre-cautions.	I would want them to be included because it would help them learn more in the long run about this stuff.	It's a total violation of privacy.	It doesn't matter to me if someone that I knew did this experiment.  	I think it violates the student's privacy.	It would be interesting to see how they react if I would be able to know.
A3V9PQRVAHDSVH	3S06PH7KSR50YWKL4I42AVJBUE5D1O	WithoutPublication	493	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A3VBJJDJEOW884	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGOTBDY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	886	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			The participants should be instructed to change their passwords immediately. 	To raise awareness of the problem		It will not cause any financial harm.		I think it would help them to realize how easy it is to be scammed.	I think it will encourage them to be careful with their passwords	Security warnings should not be ignored as they sometimes are, and there is no risk for participant.
A3VDFWL4MI3KPA	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6DB3RCC	Twitter	6579	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		If participants discover what the researchers are doing, they may find a way to get them in trouble. 					I don't think that that someone would be affected by this experiment. 			
A3VDVZLMH8DO2I	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEX6XC6	NoAdvertising	290	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Only with willing participants.					In this case you're manipulating people's emotions.			
A3VE0HT1J20HNX	3FIJLY1B6U50D8HJGQAIZR4U94CFPK	InsertPosts	532	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3VF6YKYHMBY8U	3I3WADAZ9Q5QQBCTVEKUOF8RA8GO5D	Twitter	751	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	The researchers should not be allowing real spam emails to be sent.	Users should be informed that they are being studied in this way and given an option to be excluded.	I don't think it is ethical to purposefully fool people into typing their passwords into an experiment or study form.	This puts participants at risk for having passwords stolen. You never know if some one of the "researchers" is ethical or not.	The researchers are not really causing risk for the participants, only presenting a fake security risk.	There is no guarantee that the researchers will truly be in control of this spam that is being sent by real spammers. I think there is a chance the spammers could get hold of real user's email addresses. The researchers are purposely allowing spam to be sent.	This research is not entirely ethical in that it is being done secretly and without the user's consent, but I do not think it is really harmful either.	The researchers may say that the passwords were not captured or stored, but there is no guarantee that this is true.	I don't think it is ethical to lure participants into typing their actual passwords into a study.	This study seems harmless and would reveal useful data for the researchers.
A3VG4SSXPV8IL	3OB0CAO74HQE0I0Q23U1F39JTXBYHW	WithoutImprovingProduct	269	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	no										
A3VHW23Y5MJ183	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLICF4HSW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2819	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	See above wildly unethical.	See above - shoddy design, insanely far-reaching without cause or approval from participants, and without any oversight.	It seems like a reasonable study using normal deception.	People not informed of participation, don't give permission for accessing personal information, and it seems too specific and selected a pool to be of any use regardless.	Seems like a normal experiment with deception.	This seems wildly unethical, several ways. 	Facebook is neither qualified nor able (as the lack of review by any institutional review board) to determine how to protect people. In addition, no one asked FB to protect them. It's also a ridiculously shoddy experimental design.	Participants would agree to participate in a study.	People aren't agreeing to participate in research of any kind, nor to allow (except presumably by means of EULAs) the prospective researchers to access the information about them. 	Seems reasonable.
A3VJOIT4M3XITQ	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOQKY41	UnnamedCompany	2437	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	no	Perhaps the results can effectively lessen the amount of spam companies send.							Hopefully it will help people learn how hackers work.	This will possibly make my friend more aware of phishing emails and hopefully they will be more safer when opening emails.	
A3VL35CZBTCVQQ	3X87C8JFV6CUHPNKMNP66VDJ314QS3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	791	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	no	Spammers are basically individuals preying on others, so I have no issues with this beside any possible legality issues that could come about.	This is not consentual	If the person knows it is an experiment and gives consent to do the HIT.	I don't like the idea of looking at their facebook and posing as their friend.	I suppose if there was someway to get the candidate's permission without spoiling the experiment.		These individuals did not consent to be experimented on by just using facebook.	This could be educational for the users.	This seems too deceptive.	I would not want to knowingly deceive them.
A3VLNGQ7O5TRPZ	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EEBW2HL	NoAdvertising	1634	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	It sounds like a reasonable way to measure the effictivness of spam.  And the participant isn't being charged any money and isn't going to be identified in any way.  It seems pretty harmless to me.	Obviously this is similar to the recent news that Facebook was manipulating the news feed.  I don't have a lot of information about that experiment, but I don't think it involved tampering with personal messages.  I think it was news stories specifically that were being used to create negative/positive vibes.  I don't have a problem with the idea in theory but I don't think it should involve messages from within their friends list.  And I think you have to be very careful when manipulating people's emotions.  		I don't see any harm in this experiment.  The researchers are not collecting bank information, just a university password.  And the participants will all be notified.  	I don't have a problem with the experiment as a whole but I would want to see some safeguards in regards to the issue I mentioned above.  Participants would need to be strongly advised to complete the whole task.  And perhaps the researchers should obtain an email address prior to the start of the task so they could contact the participant in the event that they don't submit the survey.	There is no negative consequence to my loved one.  And the information may lead to new developments that will benefit us all.	This experiment has too many unknown variables.  And I don't like how the researchers are randomly excluding posts.  That is crossing a line, in my opinion.	This is another beneficial experiment that might result in new techniques for protecting our passwords.  It may also prevent my loved one from making that mistake "in real life." 	Phishing is so prevalent and it's very hard to tell the difference sometimes between a legitimate site and a scam. I would want my loved one to help find ways to combat this very real financial/ identity threat.	This one makes a little bit more nervous.  My loved one could quit the experiment before reaching the end, thus missing the explanation.  In the meantime, he/she might be desperately trying to "fix" the security warning.
A3VLROVK9NL7LZ	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVX5FV74	UnnamedCompany	526	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		Interesting experiment. Would be curious as to the results.				Would not want private data collected on a "fake" site. If you can divert users, then someone else can also.	It might be interesting to be included but not effective on person one way or another		May help to find ways to combat phishing	Some people are cautious and others are not.
A3VO76DH1LSQLI	3AZHRG4CU4L29FX6FAUQJHEPY86034	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	211	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3VPLI0RYL3Y3O	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CCDJZT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	269	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A3VPNJ5FQFH56R	3WS1NTTKEYDXPRDZZ5VSKQ3M1VB0F7	UnnamedCompany	985	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes		No-- because the social network is not giving participants an opportunity for known consent, they are simply sneaking the experiment in because they can (we are using their site, therefore they can use the data).  However up until this point, no one has any reason to assume they will be used in a study like this. I don't think the study itself is unethical but I do think potential participants could have been able to give consent without revealing details about the study.	Personally, I think it's fine, but I would not be surprised if others argued it as unethical because the participant is being deceived, which I believe is one of the things that qualifies a study as unethical.	Same issues with ethics as on first question.	Again, I think there has to be some sort of consent given and it would have to be done/worded in a way that isn't outright deceiving the participants.		I know too many people who are in a fragile state.  A targeted manipulation of moods like that is the very last thing they need.  Particularly if they were shown negative posts.  This could push someone beyond the point.	Yes, because this is the best-case scenario for them to learn first hand that you must protect your passwords online, i.e. I would rather them get deceived in this study and learn from it than fall prey to a real attacker.	Mixed feelings.  This one seems a little bit more of an invasion of privacy, however I suppose all the information you are gathering is publicly available.	Same reasoning as first question-- better they learn from this than really fall victim.
A3VQGEZDKQYHJ	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS60F5DF	WithoutPublication	1098	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	Using people in this way is wrong.	Deception is wrong. The manipulation of the friends feeds isn't wonderful but ok.	The researchers need another way to get their data.	The needs to be another way to do this experiment.	It's important to them. But I don't want to participate.	Spam! We all try to avoid it. There has to be another way to do this experiment.	Possibly this might be ok. I still don't like being deceived though.	Again. Tricking a person in this way is wrong.	I know about phishing and hopefully know how to avoid it. I use my computer very cautiously, I hope. I am hoping that I or the person I care about would not participate nor recommend anyone I know to participate.	I'm not comfortable with the deception. I know it happens all the time but it's still deception. If a security risk notification popped up on my computer I would exit the program.
A3VQH4F3VFFH30	338JKRMM260D402NMXGLCHRCQ5NHAI	Control	468	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Same reason as above. Research should not be performed upon people without permission.					Research should not be conducted upon people without their permission.				
A3VU7QIJ7W5A7X	3JAOYWH7VI51LDB8LCHJ8E9Z1ZFL95	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	348	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			You have to be really careful about collecting people's passwords. Some people use the same password for everything. Also, some people won't appreciate being deceived this way.							
A3VXVQXLEUKGP1	3TVSS0C0E110GMWLNWT28PRRT8HWTU	WithoutImprovingProduct	417	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I also believe that the participants should be compensated in some fashion.		I could also see this being done as a public service to educate the public in regards to phishing/	Although the users are completing what they think is an unrelated HIT, they are still being compensated for their time.	This is a worthwhile experiment and would have no negative impact on the participant aside from frustration.	I can't think of any detrimental effect to that research so long as posts were not hidden on every refresh.	As before, there is no negative impact to the user, and the user is being compensated for their time.	This seems as though it would provide a positive educational benefit to the participants.	This does not appear to have any negative effect on the users.
A3VYWCMYY5E8KA	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZNXTG4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1012	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Since the results of the research are predicted to be inconclusive, I am not sure that the researchers should be allowed to have access to participants' information. 	This experiment does not seem to be too risky or intrusive.	I believe the research would be helpful, but is somewhat intrusive. 	I believe it is a great experiment. However, I believe the experimenters should proceed with caution since personal/ protected information will be revealed. 		This experiment seems to be one where the participants will not reap a benefit of any kind.	The research seems helpful to society, but not directly to the participants. 	It would be a reminder that it's important to pay attention to what is going on while surfing the web and reading emails. 	It is important for people to know that these things occur on the internet every day. After participating, the person would know no to click on similar links in emails. 	
A3VYY5XVC37L25	34FNN24DCMA2KPGV11TSQ66TONCY55	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	389	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Absolutely, it doesn't hurt anyone	Again, if no passwords are really stolen, it does not matter	As long as passwords are kept confidential and not made available to anyone, it's fine		no money is being taken from participants	Nothing harmful would come of this study	If no passwords are actually stolen, it's not an issue	As long as no sensitive information is actually released to anyone, it's not an issue	
A3VZNXCIIRKTIO	3M81GAB8A0KV036IB13BG63JZAEBQD	NoAdvertising	676	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	THAT WILL EDUCATE OTHERS					IT WOULD BE UP TO THEM				
A3W0L6GKTGJWOA	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WCNEGA	WithoutPublication	451	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think that it is a good question to find an answer to.		I think that in a safe environment such as this that the information is useful	They will not be harming any student and will be educating those who may need it.		I am curious if spam actually results in purchases as well.  		The study sounds like one that could lead to people becomming more educated on these hacks	I believe that my close friends are smart enough to not get phished and would like for them to be educated in a safe way about the dangers	I think the information that could be gained would be very useful in making more secure warnings.
A3W40NJWM2L7V7	384PI804XS26TWIL5PVRRPM1QX30SC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	545	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
A3W47IZA9QTZVT	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEAL0I5CU	InsertPosts	319	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A3W4MUUT2MPS8O	3IQ1VMJRYTLKPUK4OLSTZ0TO7VZA9B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	407	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	they should be careful as to what they expose people to 	i dont see any harm in the experiment	they are just trying to see if people will fall for tricks but with no harm involved	its not going to cause any harm to anyone	its fine with me - it would be interesting to see the results	i think they might see this as an invasion of privacy even if it is an experiment	its their choice 	its not going to cause any harm so I dont care if they are or are not a part of the experiment	they will know that it was an experiment in the end so it wouldnt bother me at all. 	i think its not that big of a deal - its just an experiment
A40W0EWYGHNV0	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQ5P5KX	WithoutImprovingProduct	660	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	While I can't imagine ever trying to purchase something from a spam message, users that do desire to do so should not be prevented from doing so by a fake website.	If a person is going to be manipulated in an experiment, they should be made aware that they are actually being experimented on.	The participants know they are part of an experiment though they don't know its true aim.	I don't believe a person who doesn't know they are a part of an experiment to be manipulated.						
A41OPWS11GZY3	3JC6VJ2SABK1O7ISLVFCNKOMLW15AU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1245	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					no harm is done 		because youre playing with their moods on a daily level			I have no preference because no harm is done.
A428Q1HI8KXCA	3R6BYFZZP7D5MHJA2HKZT4QXB43XFA	UnnamedCompany	1134	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Again, using a dedicate spammers system is risky, its best to use a simple domain or potential low priority server to do this, which will increase the researchers control and data collection significantly. 	It depends on who is willing to share that much information with the researchers, most wont, some will. 	Again, using a simulated environment were the actual password doesn't matter, just the users behavior is in the best interest for both parties.  	The protocol needs to be largely redone, large parts of invasion privacy, no consent whatsoever is mentioned. Nor is there any real incentive for anyone to participate in such risky behaviors. 	If this is indeed for the intended purpose, then they should run a simulation computer of sorts in a browser window instead of using the actual computer interface. This way there is virtually no threat or harm possible to users actual computer and the researcher still manages to gauge a response. 	This is a rather convoluted way of conducting a very simple experiment. For one the researchers instead of using the system a spammer uses, could use a non-collective system that, set up with its own host domain to send out emails mimicking a spam mail, rather using one used by an actual dedicated spammer. This way total information control is achieved and reduces further variables.  		The main flaw I see with this is that the user might be using actual passwords. If the researchers set up fake accounts for them or a simulated environment were disposable passwords are used, then this is fine for most. 	There are too many things wrong with this proposal, the major concern is that why must this be done in an open environment? A simulated while more tedious is safer and yields better results.	It would make no difference to me as I have  a fair amount of IT/Network security and feel confident that the candidate would have enough knowledge to discriminate against real threats versus simulated threats. 
A42CB6V0A6YOA	3R6BYFZZP7D5MHJA2HKZT4QXB4NXFU	WithoutImprovingProduct	733	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I think the idea is great.  You are mimicking a spammer's store to get information, and at the same time actually protecting the people who would have otherwise been scammed.  I think the idea is hilarious.	My personal feeling is that it's a really bad kind of manipulative.  My gut feeling, again, is that there is something wrong with doing this.  People who find out they have been a part of this experiment might feel anger and a sense of being victimized.  	I've done HITs where I've been manipulated or the true purpose of the HIT was not revealed until later.  I feel okay with this because I'm getting paid, eventually disclosure does happen, and I'm voluntarily doing these HITs.	It is important to get an idea of the likelihood a person is to fall victim to a phishing scheme, however people might be emotionally damaged if they are put through this event during the experiment.  	I've done HITs where I was deceived as to the actual nature of the HIT, and maybe on occasion I've felt a little peeved that I was taken in, but mostly I enjoy HITs that manage to trick me a little.  Especially if they disclose the nature of the trick at the end, and it serves a useful purpose.		I feel this is a manipulation of people's moods via a resource they trust to give them information about their friends.  I really just have a bad feeling about it.	I think it's a good idea to raise awareness on this issue.	I feel in general it would raise awareness of phishing schemes and how often people unknowingly fall victim to them.	I don't see any problem with this kind of study.
A43PGWXPIIAWN	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4R80C3	InsertPosts	328	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes										
A47P5PR27PW3B	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HM2QC5	WithoutPublication	4600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			While I don't like the idea of someone being tricked into giving up their password, I suppose it wouldn't cause too much harm if the passwords were not collected or stored.	I think that this experiment would cause a lot more harm than good. 					I feel that this would be a huge invasion of privacy, on several different levels.	
A498BPKW6UKPL	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPGZ2YR8	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	588	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes										
A49HPQ9P5AHU4	30H4UDGLT2J6JI902DEVUHO364IPMT	UnnamedCompany	1316	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	I think if they collected some sort of blanket permission (something that wouldn't tip the users off to the experiment) then it would be permissible. Also, they'd need to be very careful that they really did successfully alter the behavior of the malware to make sure it wasn't doing more than they realized (and thus exposing their users to danger.) I also think they need to inform users of the experiment after the fact.	I'd think the subjects would need to sign some sort of release or give permission somehow before the researchers could proceed. (Though that obviously runs the risk of skewing the experiment, I still believe it's important.)	There need to be safeguards in place to ensure that the researchers themselves aren't exposed to user passwords.	Kind of along the lines of the above, I believe the subjects should have to give some sort of permission.			I wouldn't want their privacy invaded. 	Seems non-intrusive and ultimately beneficial for the participants. 	I only think it would be okay with their prior permission (though that obviously runs the risk of tipping them off and skewing the experiment.)	
A49W4K3S75GXG	3KB8R4ZV1E84NEC485YZMSZHTMGBGR	Control	516	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes			People may not find it correct to trick other people. 	Some people may not be happy to learn that they just been used for this experiment. 		The participants may not know which malis are from the resarchers and which are not. 		There are no major risks associated with this experiment 	I believe there are no risks in this experiment. 	
A4A0YOAJJFES2	3II4UPYCOJ8OF042PXUHBWRJ2YWDQY	Control	560	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	There aren't any ethical concerns or danger.	This experiment sounds like it would be wrongfully tampering with a user's information.		The risk of passwords being discovered seems too large.	The experiment seems like it won't cause any harm and it seems ethical.	The study appears to have no real risk associated with it.		There would need to be more information given on what kinds of techniques hackers use.	The participants' passwords could become known to the researchers.	If the participants wouldn't be facing a significant risk, I would not mind if someone I cared about participated.
A4B0CQ75SGEC7	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLB2ZPS	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	984	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I'm not comfortable with the fact that the users will not be informed. I think they should be after they have already acted so that they are made aware.		Just because they say that no passwords were actually stolen, they can not prove this. They could say one thing and do another, it's not a for sure safe thing.	I do not like that they can verify the passwords, that means they have access to the real passwords to begin with. Everyone would need to change it once the experiment was done.	There is no risk and they would afterwords inform the users. I see no problem with this.		I do not see what difference this could make. A survey could be done instead to gather this information.	This could further make them aware to be cautious, without putting them in harms way at that time. It would be a good lesson for many who do not exercise caution already.	Being a part of this experiment might teach them to have better caution with things like it in the future. When it is a real threat.	I see no risk in this and again, they could learn from it.
A4E1UYPDHE8D8	3DPNQGW4LLGI5M2PHDFQ2NGMP9Y460	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	3952	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes	This experiment is in the grey area. Even though no real purchase will be make or any real monetary losses, this is still an invasion of privacy.	No harm will be done except a few people might feel deceived by the fake posts on Facebook. Not really beneficial to the society though. 	The disclosure makes this experiment easy to accept and no storage of the actual passwords or personnel information is assuring. I wish the researchers would ask for consent first but I understand why this might not be desirable. 	This is beneficial and the risk can be easily managed. Participants can opt out if they wish.	Minimal to no risk. Full disclosure at the conclusion.	There is a slight chance that their personal information would be compromised.	The risk is minimal.	I'm not sure if I can trust the researchers in safeguarding these sensitive information.	The risk is more manageable since this is being done on a university's server and not a real bank.	No risk for participating and it's for a good cause.
A4KSK5TKHIE1Y	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IH5HWU	NoAdvertising	1345	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			You have to be careful because you could upset people and there really is no proof except your word that you didn't keep their passwords. 					I don't see a problem with it		
A4L95CDDYC48G	3IQ1VMJRYTLKPUK4OLSTZ0TO7KZA9P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	383	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						because they are being included without informed consent				
A4PFM9Z80RXUY	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6EOQAXA	Twitter	1219	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A4PMD2O8IA52C	31IBVUNM9S0DISEF22JH5JTCVWYVFE	WithoutImprovingProduct	1194	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	Due to their inability to control the experiment, and their inability to realize it, they should not continue.	If you want to do it, use your own accounts.  If I approached Facebook as a researcher wanting to do this, They would not let me.  If I share something with someone, I expect them to get it, not have the service I am using run an experiment.  Experiments are for researchers, facebook is advertising.	I would question their conclusions, but they where expecting that.	As they are not a for profit company providing a service that is selectively interrupted, they should proceed with caution.  This would be an example of something that is appropriate at a University enviornment to research:  So I guess you could say I don't want for profit companies providing certain services to be able to do all the free research they want, mainly due to the lack of transparency, how and what data they collect, and how it is used.  If you are for profit, you lack virtue in my eyes with regard to this.	No harm, no foul, and since they are non-profit, go for it.	The researchers are playing with fire.  They assume they will be in complete control.  I personally have seen PhD Computer Scientists shown up by hackers.  They have different skill sets.  Lebron James is a great athlete, but he isn't beating a high school state champion in tennis.  Due to their inability to control the experiment, and their inability to realize it, they should not continue.	It involves blocking some communication with that person, the whole point of the service.  If they want to experiment, use their own accounts.	I think the methodology is clever, but it is depending on the users entering in their actual passwords, not some permutation or fake.	It is up to them.  Doesn't interrupt any communication.  They are researchers at a university, and they should be using your university email, which you have surprising little rights over.	risk is fake, and the participants are informed as much.
A4RUO4PFK8IWK	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKHRYQ6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	2776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes			In the chance that the passwords were mistakenly kept and leaked you could have a major issue.			I don't see much of a risk involved with this type of experiment. If no personal info is being shared and no finances are being involved I don't see why an experiment shouldn't be done.	I don't think playing with peoples emotions is the right way to conduct research. Why not look at posts that are already written as truth and are positive and see what people do then?	Again there isn't much of a risk involved.	His/her password could mistakenly be kept and sent out to thousands of people.	Yes. There is no risk 
A4T50ODN6SGNR	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRHSTJQ	Control	898	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes										
A4TAQBKTB06BG	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TB21Q9S	Twitter	323	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										If they want to be a part that is their choice and as long as they are in no real danger it is none of my business.
A4THBAII1R7QK	37TRT2X24QSEEG25GBJ2J5RXL64BJM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	401	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent						It seems ethically questionable.	That algorithm would likely be incredibly problematic and difficult to write.  I sincerely doubt its efficacy	Again, seems ethically questionable	It might be a good lesson for people who fall prey to phishing scams.	
A4U32KE6MVKZ3	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87JCAMU	Twitter	1625	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	The research is needed to stop spam and the researchers are not causing the spam.		Researchers will be seeing private information and participants may be angry when they learn about the experiment.			Because spam is hard to stop when an email address has been sold.			Maybe they would learn to not click links in emails that ask for passwords.	
A4UIXESOEZI05	30MVJZJNHMEVQNN8IR56SZW7XB79JQ	InsertPosts	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no										
A4W9APAHFWVLO	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH8Y1LXB	UnnamedCompany	743	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	I think it would be very interesting to see the results of the experiment and I don't believe anybody would be harmed in any way.					This person would not be harmed or benefit in any way from their participation, so i would have no preference pertaining to their participation				
A4WQGZEDVM8IF	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASSVEL0	WithoutPublication	985	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I feel this is a waste of time what is the point of this experiment does it matter how many people try to buy things through spam mail?	I feel it is a complete waste of time and energy one day facebook will be gone just like myspace was gone overnight	messing with passwords can put people at risk 	This experiment is putting peoples real passwords at risk who is to say they researchers computer is not stolen or hacked into it happens all the time to credit card companies.	this experiment serves a great purpose trying to show how security warnings can grab your attention instead of just clicking on random windows is a very important idea 	Spam mail is very annoying and has a tendency to infect computers with viruses and I would not want to involve people I care about into this risk.	Its facebook there are settings people can use to hide things from certain people and who really cares if it is positive or negative mood 	this goes back to showing how easy it is to get information from people online and people need to be aware of this	Some people dont realize how easy it is to get your information over the web by pretending to be someone else.	keeping a secure computer is ideal however there are always security risks the more a person gets use to looking for warnings the better off they will be
A4X4GQMK34FGB	3WAKVUDHUWH0QKA9FTB0L5ECJ5UU7G	NoAdvertising	789	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Just because it is for research doesn't give people the right to hoodwink others.	This is wrong, just wrong.  The people whose accounts are altered are being treated like lab rats with no hint that they are being experimented upon.	It seems ethical.	They are not being ethical about using human subjects.	At least the people going into this experiment know it is an experiment.  And they learn the truth after the experiment.	Again, the ends do not justify the means.  The researchers may not be making money off of the spam purchases, but they are getting research data from it.  	It is completely unfair to just exclude posts to someone's facebook account to figure out if people post more positive or negative posts.	The people being tricked into typing passwords have been informed they are part of an experiment.  Although the real experiment isn't revealed until AFTER the experiment, at least participants know they are being experimented upoon.	There is no informed consent by the people getting the phishing emails.  Even though they are told AFTERWARD they aren't told ahead of time that they are in an experiment.	Since the participants are doing a HIT, they are given some information about being part of an experiment.  At the end, participants are told about the whole experiment--that seems fair.
A53OH9V6WC7K3	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4HM0AM	Control	749	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes						I do feel that the researchers should come clean to the purchaser tho' (after the fact).	They should know ahead of time that they are part of an experiment.		I feel it would be better for the person to err in an artificial environment than if it were an actual scammer. Perhaps the individual would learn to make smarter choices.	I see no harm in it to the participant.
A544VW8YTMPJP	3M81GAB8A0KV036IB13BG63JZ27QB5	InsertPosts	10560	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	there are other ways without having to do all that	sounds interesting and harmless		it sounds dangerous and if anything bad happen they do not want to br responsible		for the inconvenience that they have to go through		thats their decision	thats their decision	dont sound that bad
A547JYH1CR2U3	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJHW6515	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	876	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										Would be fine with any of these studies but definitely in the case where they are debriefed afterwords 
A549ICL5KLDU	39DD6S19JPC2LYJT8OOE87L8749ZEG	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	323	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A56E6Z0KH4WGZ	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0ZX5ZIE	NoAdvertising	771	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent		too intrusive, and information gathered almost useless.				SO they could learn safely what not to do on the internet.	too intrusive, and information gathered almost useless.	My friend uses same easy password for everything\r\n	I have friends who do not take caution on the internet and this could prove a good point.	
A57ZUV904MF89	3V5Q80FXIXS95P0KUXY42574VAC23K	Control	189	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A591WDC3G9OWA	3WT783CTPBIR62WZ6J2GW1E2VM4CBI	UnnamedCompany	193	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A5A9QE4W8X1UI	3KB8R4ZV1E84NEC485YZMSZHTI0BG3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	684	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	It doesn't seem like a good idea to allow one of their computers to become infected with spammer software.	It is irresponsible to allow the researchers to do this without informing people about the risks associated with the study. It also may cause harm to some people who are emotionally at risk.	This seems like a good reason to require deception, but I think people should still know that they are in an experiment before proceeding.	It doesn't seem right to do this to people who are not aware of being part of an experiment.	It will require care but I think it can be done.	It seems risky. Also I don't like that the person would not be informed afterwards.	This sounds like emotional manipulation and it doesn't seem like a good idea.	I want people who I care about to learn more about how to protect themselves against attacks.	I don't like the idea of someone I care about being taken advantage of in this way.	This one seems neutral.
A5BIG5UO342U6	3WR9XG3T63C19MGU0NKI81GIKT2744	UnnamedCompany	475	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes				It seems a little "phishy" (haha, puns) if the researchers have to verify real passwords to real accounts through the University's systems.					Their privacy seems to be compromised in this study.	This seems like a neat experiment! 
A5C98M2FTTLVV	3VW6495TLJ10MDQFC3YP134MJV8YYJ	InsertPosts	373	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no									It may lead to them falling for phishing  attempts that were not part of the experiment inadvertently.	This may cause undue anxiety
A5DRMEUCT02L3	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJHX7154	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	318	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no								It's stealing someone's password how is that right?		If an older person were exposed or a young child it would freak them out. 
A5ETANJ6JY9HB	3SKRO2GZ71S8C2QVWZQPE8E1ES0K1G	WithoutImprovingProduct	379	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A5F3DEDHBOKUV	3ZOTGHDK5ICRWDA47AX2HQIJOOGSO3	UnnamedCompany	1159	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I feel the data would be inconclusive, or non-beneficial due to the vast amount of developers. The research would only help a small margin. 	My own thoughts were inconclusive. \r\nA recent news article brought this to my attention and it stating its unethical nature of research. 		With or without consent from the education facility, There could be local/federal laws/policies being broken. 						
A5IG6AWG6W638	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN83IJKP	NoAdvertising	473	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	If people are actually clicking spam emails w/ the intent to buy something, and not don't that item, that's wrong.	I don't see why not.		Just not save any personal information (passwords) from the participants.			I honestly don't think reading other's status would affect anyone's mood. It would mostly depend ont he mood the person was already in on how the status affected them.			
A5IGDNHLF7H4J	3TE3O8573091ORLM5NZ0K3AK1PC2RA	WithoutPublication	1077	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A5JQAZMNRYAUY	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEN42I5	WithoutPublication	511	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think there is a positive correlation in spam emails ans purchases.						To get a general idea if this experiment may work effectively.			I think it is a great experiment to help prevent and resolve cyber security.
A5JVCIAQJXCQF	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0V3XS1	WithoutPublication	397	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A5KT0PJWWGZAY	3LUY3GC63Z1NYF2DY7C6BZRDBF6P71	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	347	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent										
A5L5VLCVG2UNA	3SNLUL3WO4OZ55ZBJNCA4AWDEP1LUI	InsertPosts	502	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	The end result and knowledge gained would be valuable, but it seems unethical to "tinker" with a customer's prospective purchase without that person's knowledge.	The researchers are manipulating the minds and actions of a population that has no idea the possibility of an experiment even exists. 								
A5L6EWPGSPQED	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6NJ1FD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1041	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes		It seems safe.				It seems like a safe enough experiment that the benefits outweighs the risks.	It seems like a safe and harmless experiment.	It's a little risky but I think everything would go smooth.	This seems too deceptive of a study.	
A5LZENCNU4T1V	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEUJI2E	WithoutImprovingProduct	350	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		Participants should be aware that they are included in an experiment 								
A5MA7KSZ6M6Y1	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D1ARL3G	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1214	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	Should always be careful with people's personal and bank information, especially when dealing with spam. Somebody could steal the information.	Filtering the things people post (barring explicit or abusive posts) seems counter-intuitive to the point of Facebook. Maybe the money would be better used in educating people about the impact of social media instead of trying to "protect" people by filtering negative posts. 	Any computerized information can be hacked even if it is protected.		If there is no actual security risk, and no personal information revealed to the researcher, it seems there is a low chance of any bad risks.		It seems like it could be interesting, but the importance of the outcome doesn't seem clear.	If the information isn't stored and is protected by the researchers, there shouldn't be any harm in it.	Since it is not an actual phishing attack and is controlled by the researchers, there shouldn't be any harm in it.	Since there is no actual security risk, the experiment seems like a good way to test this research.
A5OBJUPZLVOKG	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRMEITE1	WithoutImprovingProduct	3302	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	Spam is usually pretty obvious. The researchers should be able to figure out a way to make recommendations without going through all that. 		They should have to be open about their methods of not storing the passwords and make sure the participants are given good info on how to avoid such schemes. 	There have to be other ways to obtain the info (i.e. asking the person if they've ever fallen victim to phishing, imperfect a method as that may be) without engaging in the deceitful behavior. Also, I think more focus should be put on actually informing people how not to fall for these scams than obtaining a stat for a research paper. 	They're not actually exposing them to a security risk or obtaining private info (passwords, etc.), so sure. 	Seems awfully spammy	As long as the Facebook owners agree to it, it's Facebook's site so I think they should be able to manipulate it however they want. 			Seems harmless
A5OJ7FHDAEHR9	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IF8WH8	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	310	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	yes		There is no benefit to this research. It is very manipulative.		I think once people understand what had happened, they will feel stupid and defensive.						
A5SGEVV8SGFDR	3DPNQGW4LLGI5M2PHDFQ2NGMP90462	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	384	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It will/may further security technology integrity 									
A5UDE2HDB3JM9	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYAFRDA	Control	465	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	I don't see how knowing a particular rate of loss helps prevent spam theft in the first place.				People are suckers.  This is not worth proving.  				It's tricking someone,	
A5W6XV5TRFE0D	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6JC9BTD	NoAdvertising	369	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes		There really isn't anything the user can do to make sure the user sees some things and not others. there's an algorithm in place for a reason	They really have to make sure that they're not breaking any laws, national or regional.				It really doesn't affect the person that much. People's moods should not be fickle enough to be manipulated by what shows up on their feeds.	It's not my problem. 		
A5WGOX0NBXJE4	36DSNE9QZ5ZYXAREKGOOPPRWS70JOF	Twitter	510	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	no	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A5WQA336O2RTR	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48T12U9	UnnamedCompany	610	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	If they know what it is they're doing. 	Maybe not the best idea to mess with people's moods.	I don't see why not.	Why wouldn't they?	I don't see why they shouldn't.	I'd just rather not if someone was to actually be infected. 	I'd prefer not to see my friends get potentially upset because they're seeing upsetting statuses and such.	Why wouldn't we try to help maximize safety? Plus, they may be more cautious in the future.	If it's safe and helps with research, why not?	Sure, if they helped in some way and weren't in any danger.
A5WR6K3TM6OUM	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA27FJY02	Control	220	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A5YDXBO7W4Q9X	3WMINLGALB4MNSR7052K1QUWD9RAC3	InsertPosts	649	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	There is a big risk!	I think this is a  violation to basic human rights 	It seems ok because no password will be actually illegally obtained	It requires very rigorous background check	No risk at all.	Researcher has no control to spammers' action.	The manipulated posts may lead to severe results	It looks like there is no real risk.	There is no measure to avoid some "researcher" illegally use the real password.	It is a good research design 
A60BJBCD1321O	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFCE49N	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1098	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	If this happened then at least tell users who visit the store to make a purchase that the store has been disabled or is out of order or whatever.	We all know that facebook has an algorithm and they do some picking and choosing about what we see, so if they want to do a little tweak in their free service who are we to complain? 	they do have to put in enough language so that they have permission to do it from the person, but that the person wont expect it.	they didnt give consent, but it is not harmful	They took a HIT related to an experiment and knew they were being studied. The task should,not just be a manual task but the Turkers should know they are being asked about their attitudes etc.		It is slightly mean.		No, it would be different if they had somehow agreed to be in an experiment about the internet.  Maybe if they took a psychology class and early in the semester they agreed to a generic experiment, but not enough to know that this was it.	They took a HIT related to an experiment and knew they were being studied. The task should,not just be a manual task but the Turkers should know they are being asked about their attitudes etc.
A62RZY5BWOZZM	36DSNE9QZ5ZYXAREKGOOPPRWS7UOJE	Control	466	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	This experiment could result in spammers using the email addresses of the participants.	I believe the experiment should be done but they have to be careful not to violate the privacy of its participants.	This experiment could lead to a rise in hacking activities.	The experiment could be potentially dangerous because it could lead to cyberstalking, bullying etc.	People might panic when they see the security risk alerts. 	This experiment could lead to a breach in security for participants.	I think this experiment could be useful because it reveals how people feel about the news. 	I think this experiment could give hackers new ideas.	I would be concerned that this experiment could compromise my friend's privacy. Facebook has been known to violate the privacy of its members. 	Some participants might believe the security risk is real.
A63EZEQ30OG7X	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46APRPGK	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	799	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A63N6XDOLTGG	35H6S234SA10156PVIY07FM0PBR56G	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	250	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
A66EDJGYY7JV8	3Y9N9SS8LYCW8ZY0RMILYOY8SVSD3J	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	509	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes										
A67XBN94B66XC	3OB0CAO74HQE0I0Q23U1F39JTSJYHU	InsertPosts	241	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		In my day to day activities, it seems as if the negative posts come around the same time as each other. This leads me to believe that when people see other negative posts, it encourages them to do the same. 								
A68EM6DOP6D80	3BQU611VFPL6KBAZWFET35I411999Z	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	604	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	no	See above.	Screwing with people like that is just wrong.  Purposely hiding positive posts from people could have an actual effect on people's mental health.	I feel there's some room for something to go wrong.		See above.	I don't know, something about the fake website being used...it all makes me uncomfortable for some reason.			I wouldn't want a friend/loved one to fall for a phishing scam, for any reason, even research.	My actual answer is I'm not sure, but that's not an option.  It just seems like it could upset some people.  I know I would end up returning the HIT, and would be bothered by it.  If it's not even real, that means me, and anyone else who did the sane thing, would lose money.  It doesn't even seem effective.
A6A3CNHVEECSV	3GLB5JMZFXWX2BAOM1P5HINHWA1DGF	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	511	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	They have to be absolutely sure the spammers cannot block their own efforts to keep the spam sites "safe"	I'm not quite sure exactly how this is supposed to work,	Participants should be encouraged to change their passwords following the experiment anyway	Im not sure the university will be ok with providing access to passwords, study or not	Safety measures should be in place in case one of the participants panics and becomes violent					Since there is no real risk, I wouldnt mind either way.
A6A5CPOIDH9LJ	3Z4XG4ZF48SW729NU3ETJC9BO3R8XB	WithoutImprovingProduct	5985	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
A6AXKMN8GLFLO	39LNWE0K4UXXF4R5YKFXCU4LXGYUIU	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	337	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
A6C4QNQZ1QTUG	35GCEFQ6I5PZB03WJ47IPGHBGCJ3ZN	InsertPosts	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A6CCVGLZQYWYP	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DVYXNQ	NoAdvertising	2338	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	yes	I think there is the possibility this could get out of control and result in a large data breach.	Since Zuckerberg and Obama are friends there is a huge possibility that this is some experiment to identify a group or subgroup of society that do not like the way the government is being run. There is way too much room for the data to be abused and could easily be construed as censorship.	Too much risk for abuse when there are anonymous reserchers with little to no oversight.	I think the project is a good idea but there is certainly opportunity for abuse.	Since no sensitive information is being exchanged and the user has the chance to heed the warning and avoid the page, I see no problem with it.	Either way it is not a great situation, the recipient is still getting spammed.	This is a breach of trust placed in Facebook that they will not tamper with our personal information.	That breaches the trust of people that you are hiring and crosses a line, there is no oversight and the possibility for abuse is higher.	I think it would raise their awareness and they would be much more cautious about real phishing attempts in the future. It would be a good lesson without consequence.	I have no problem with the experiment since the user has the option to heed the security warning.
A6EQ71FKXIXVS	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHKAUFZ	NoAdvertising	838	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	I think there are too many uncontrolled variables.  All it would take was for the spammer to subtly change their email to cause the entire thing to break down.  Also, it is dangerous to allow the computer to become compromised.  I think this is a bad idea.	The research is particularly useful.  Even if they prove the point that about mood being affected by other's posts, to what end would the information be used.	I think the research is useful and it would provide interesting information as well as lead to better education about protecting passwords.	I think this is a valid experiment with potentially powerful results and it would cause little to no problems.  Also those that participated and did enter passwords would learn a valuable lesson.	I think the end result of the research could provide useful information that would enable others to more effectively raise security warnings.	There are factors outside the researchers control, like the infected computer and the spammers are actually involved.  The experiment seems too risky.	I don't think the research is particularly useful and I don't see why I would care if someone was included or not.	If someone I cared for was involved they would be contributing to useful research which could lead to useful information to help protect.	I would want them to get first hand experience with phishing and either verify they would do the right thing and not fall for it or the would learn a lesson in a safe environment.	The research would not cause any issues, so it would not be of any consequence.  I think it is unintrusive, but doesn't provide much help to the individual either, so I have strong opinion. 
A6GK3W5MDWXCY	3VAR3R6G1P29DTVVTCRX0ZIICUM8OW	WithoutPublication	564	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	Spam is unwelcome by anyone.	I understand that research needs to be done for things, but to manipulate the news feed isn't getting an accurate measure.	There has to be other ways for this type of research to be done, rather than having real people hack into real people's accounts.	Only if the participants were made aware first.	As with any research it should be with caution, especially one that deals with security issues.  You don't want to alarm people to the point of panic.	I don't like spam sent out at all.  All spam seems to add more than it should.	I think the data could be manipulated by the researchers, and I wouldn't want to be a part of this.	Even if this was just for research, I would not feel comfortable having personal info looked at by a stranger who could steal the info if they really wanted to.	I don't feel anything should be sent to someone without their knowledge.  This is how things get taken out of context and issues occur.	If this was just a security warning test, I would feel comfortable participating.
A6HTEKL6YMA	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WB73OI	Control	3282	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I think they should be allowed to proceed with the experiment but with caution because they could potentially send viruses through the spam emails.		I think they should, but they should do it cautiously because they are dealing with the persons personal information.			I don't have a preference because since they switched the link I think it would be safer.		I wouldn't want someone I cared about taking part in this just in case their passwords got out.		
A6IFXOBCV436G	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4Q35K46	InsertPosts	864	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		I don't believe that someone feeling being hurt should stand in the way of a scientific study.	Maybe should give users a choice to exclude their hit at the end of the survey.	It seems to be very helpful thing to protect people later on down the line.	Same thing, let participant withdraw hit if they choose to.	As long as no real damage is done and they are informed.	Seems like a rather harmless experiment. If people are affected that much by the news feed, than it might actually help prove the hypothesis.	As long as the reason was disclosed in the end and not bad was done.	It seems like a harmless deception. 	If there is no wrong doing and it is disclosed.
A6IVYRP8FAIS	3KGTPGBS6XMT4JD39HU5PEX48LIU22	Control	4047	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	yes	Includes hacking an individual. 	Manipulates emotion using personal information. Not great. 	Need to balance risk with reward.	Debriefing is a must. 			I think the emotional effects/stress/risks are too great. 	Stress would be too great.		
A6JG8QQ0WLGW6	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKCCYQH	InsertPosts	1916	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent			i think they should find a different way to do it					just doesn't seem like the right thing to do even despite the benefits.		
A6JKKANO7F4KD	33OOO72IVHMR2OQG65T1WVKO10MTCL	NoAdvertising	1537	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	People who do fall for the spam and make purchases would have to share financial data (e.g. credit card info) and I wouldn't trust that could be safeguarded 	it's an invasion of privacy and consent to participate has not been sought or granted	If there were a way for the experiment to be set up where the researchers weren't taking real passwords from people, then it would probably be fine; if they were trying to have subjects expose real passwords, then no	These are definitely real passwords the researchers are attempting to steal and I don't believe sufficient safeguards would be possible	it's harmless and may even make participants more aware		they have not consented to be experimented on			
A6JUX77CEBYYT	3NOKK93PR194A3SXC1A1NXKQJ80EE9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	292	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
A6MD2MCGRIPZA	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSGYTLZ2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1603	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent		Once it's posted on Facebook you are giving them permission to use it. 	Why not, they're not keeping any information.			This just sounds like a bad idea. I wouldn't want spam no matter who was sending it. 	It's Facebook, if you post it they have all the information anyway.	IMHO it would invalidate the test if I knew the person. Subjects should be a random sampling. 	Nah, I don't like the idea of them trying to validate an actual password. 	It doesn't seem like a bad idea. 
A6P3QOBKY2GU5	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVX6C7VF	InsertPosts	231	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A6P5VLSG9S290	3J2UYBXQQLD16YKOYCSOQKQ984G60Y	WithoutImprovingProduct	823	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Spam mail like this needs to be eliminated not studied.	I think that this could be done and results recorded without using any participants specific name.	Anytime you are trying to trick someone you run a risk of upsetting someone.	Again tricking someone can lead to them doing things that they normally wouldnt and might upset some people.	I think that this experiment could lead to some people being quite upset and distraught over the warnings.	I think that this could end up resulting in problems to the researchers computer and the possibilty of being flooded with junk mail.	I think it would be an interesting look at someone thought process and how the moods of other affect people closes to me moods.	This study is something that should be safe but i would not personally participate and would not care one way or the other if a friend did.	Again not something I would personally participate in and something that I would not encourage friends one way or another on.	I think that this is a good way to analyze how effective security warnings are.  I would be happy for any of my friends to help with research like this.
A6R4YT427AN4A	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23FQWG4	Control	582	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
A6RP0QY5H66Y2	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU49YPWS	WithoutPublication	242	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	no	Is this even legal?				Of course they should be able to do so as they please.	This honestly just sounds annoying.	This would actually be great.	Only because I could see this being very beneficial.	Sure, they shouldn't be dumb.	I wouldn't really want someone I cared about to be subjected to something that would upset them.
A6RQOXWN38IIL	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DGUGNQS	Control	1429	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	yes	no	no	no										
A6VBPDTTV4NUA	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5N3YBW4	Control	462	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A6W5PJ1L52ZVW	3ZV9H2YQQD8VH5YR8HNBQCNTZF6W3R	WithoutPublication	738	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	I am not convinced that know how many "victims" respond to spammers will help people combat spammers.		The results would be somewhat unreliable since Mech Turk and the HIT's on its website are thought to be reliable, and therefore, Turkers will consider the HIT credible and there will be less usable data.	Phishing is serious, and there are plenty of opportunities to lose money.		No, unless I could guarantee that they would not lose money permanently.			I want them to recognize dangers out there.	It sounds like there is no potential risk for the participant, and as a result, would be a valuable education and research tool.
A6WDKLTHVVQLZ	3F6KKYWMNB23C3RA952072WEXGLDN9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	687	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
A6WIMDZ0F4NF5	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA6XYL0	UnnamedCompany	403	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			People are stupid and this will make them angry.							It seems safe enough
A6WK319U256SM	36DSNE9QZ5ZYXAREKGOOPPRWS5TJO4	NoAdvertising	541	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no										
A6YPMKB076U0V	3C8HJ7UOP7V0XMB6PMCXLFQHGFWZMJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1309	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		For me, I just don't see the necessity and the mass appeal, but I could be wrong.		This is a really good study to help create ways to combat this type of problem.			If people think this is important, who am I to say it isn't just because it is of no interest to me.		I think that it is better to find out about the results of this type of thing in a controlled atmosphere, where you are not really open to the damage that could be caused, but made aware of what can happen. I would tell the person that I cared about to participate not only to help them, but everyone else as well.	again, this is the type of thing that not only shows the person first hand how easy it is to expose themselves to danger, yet keeps them safe from the harm that could have been done. This type of experiment is very good for the people that need to actually be affected before they listen and will help many people.
A6YT30N7WDF0I	3Q5C1WP23M25UJ5SPCMJCJVJH4Z15A	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	283	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no				invasion of privacy					unethical	
A6ZWK7YW57JNJ	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3ATJ1XA	Control	1635	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	Dealing with spam is no joke you need to know exactly what you are doing so you wont mess up.	There's not many risk in this so its ok.	This may be a good thing to study but I wouldn't want any of my friends doing it or taking the risk.	this would be a waste of money because what are you trying to prove? obviously if your friend sends you an email you wouldn't expect it to be phishing.	The only reason I say with caution is because you cant trust anybody in this world.	Its a study on spam and how they're trying to fix it so sure why not.	This study seems like a harmless non risky study so I think it would be ok if a family member or friend of mine participated in it.	I am not sure about this one either only because I am not comfortable with the knowing my password thing.	This one sounds weird and doesn't even make sense on why you would want to do research on phishing people using their friends account.	It really doesn't matter to me. You are saying that their identification will remain anonymous so it wouldn't matter. 
A70L26UXLTGLC	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z6J9E46	Control	811	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	This is a slippery slope.		Some participants may be upset with the premise and deception and want their results removed from the study, hurting the researchers.			I do not think that this study would be worth the risk to someone that I care about.	I believe this is worthwhile, though the premise of psychological-vulnerability seems a bit like a bullshit term to me.   	If the research is legit, I would be curious as to the results from someone that I cared about but have no real preference as to their participation.	I believe if a candidate participated their results should be included.	Yes, it would benefit the person I care about and the research.
A71DOSR1L5VV9	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFBU491	UnnamedCompany	395	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes										
A73HOJ23JEJF6	3PS7W85Z8Z3P4QJDULJAU5JGVAV9TM	InsertPosts	563	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no										
A73ITJ4GZGQBI	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED66J5EZ	Control	923	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes		it seems like a good experiment.	someone might fall for it and call the authorities	he/she could get in trouble						
A743PJYN0Q8T4	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0CITP2	InsertPosts	920	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	spam emails suck	not a big deal either way	Could provent future security problems	this could help people		seems irritating	Does not sound interesting or relevant to me	I would like to prevent myself from these scams	Would like to help prevent this kind of thing	I could be doing this now for all i know
A74EYSZ2A1Z3V	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6E997H	WithoutPublication	543	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I think it would be a good thing to see if there is any truth to it.		Because i would like to know the results as well.			It doesn't matter,it is their decision.		Because it is up to my friend if they want to participate.	Because they are gonna do whatever they want to do.
A77K8W55MJEKX	336KAV9KYQTALSX8JIRUSZ3H44P2YU	WithoutPublication	1044	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			Yes, it's okay for the researchers to go ahead with the experiment because the outcome could be beneficial to the population at large in helping to reduce fraud in future. 					I think that the data collected for this experiment is purely for research purposes only and will not cause any harm in reality to personal information collected. 		
A78ZLRKCZUVH7	3B2X28YI3WG2QLNYWSPDA1MSZ9AB6O	NoAdvertising	1282	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	spamming will get you blocked from most broad range ip's and probably your isp looked at and sent a nastygram. as well as you risk provaking someone who can do something about it.	same as above		you don't need to study this. they are as old as time. just educate.	i don't see why not, but you'll be surprised by the results i bet	the average suspicious and dubious activity such as spamming to know WHAT you are actually doing to their machine.	influencing someone's mood by outside artificial stimuli verges on mind control		you can already teach people how to protect themselves from the most frequent phishing types without "gathering" any information. common sense helps but the truth is most just don't pay attention	as long as nothing were ACTUALLY being done and only different types of warnings were tried i see no harm
A7BZXH7N2PYJS	39OWYR0EPKSUMM9K7D61CIX6DDNYFD	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1117	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	YES			it is not required 	i think we should allow	YES			I think we should not allow	i Agree 
A7D1FSJZSM3MJ	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD21V6EH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1501	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	no	I actually believe people should be informed that they are part of an experiment once they try to make the purchase and it doesn't go through. I also am a person who is curious about what mostly enables spam and how many people actually make purchases based on spam.	It seems like a pointless study to me. Facebook posts from friends should not be censored or manipulated by an outside source. That is making choices for people. That is invading their privacy. 	I think that it is important for people to know the techniques used by hackers to steal their passwords. But at the same time, the researchers shouldn't go as far as actually having the participants type in their actual password.	I have received emails supposedly from people on my contact list, but the content of the email was clearly not from the actual person. So it is important for people to know that this technique is being used by phishers. At the same time, I don't think the university students' passwords should actually be taken. That is a security breach. And I don't think the students will trust the statement that the password is not being stored by the researchers. 	I worry about the discomfort a security risk message would cause others. At the same time, I like the fact that it can help develop more effective security warnings that will cause users to immediately take the necessary step to eliminate the risk.	It is a questionable experiment. I don't see how it is doing anything other than showing how effective spam is at getting people to buy what they don't need.	I don't want anyone I care about being given a false sense of reality.	I wouldn't want the researchers having the password of a person I care about. I don't trust the researchers when they say they won't store the passwords.	I would not want someone I cared about tricked into providing their password to a phishing link sent by a "friend." That would be traumatizing, experiment or not. 	I wouldn't want to give anyone I cared about the scare of receiving a security warning. It would cause them a lot of discomfort. 
A7F6Q5PA8CUYJ	3KJYX6QCM9CTNU0BLSA2KHL4O1FVJD	Twitter	567	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Sounds like a good it could be good to get the results, but also sounds potentially harmful.	It seems a little wrong to make people feel bad just for an experiment.	I think this would be a good thing for anyone to hear about and possibly be good for those involved.		This really wouldn't harm anyone and could possibly make people be more careful	This sounds like it could possibly go wrong and I don't think it's alright to never let the participants know they were involved.	If people are actually impacted by the negative things shared on twitter I wouldn't want someone I know to be in the group that was given more negative things.  I wouldn't want them to end up feeling bad just because of an experiment on twitter.	I don't really see a problem with this and it would show them how they're not being very safe on the internet.	I don't really see how this would harm someone.	I think this could be a good learning experience for the participants.
A7FL0UDBGPAO0	3VHHR074H3IX7UNF6FJZUIIT6EJL7V	WithoutPublication	565	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Not important enough information coming from the study to block users from seeing posts in the news feed, especially since there will be no way to know if the posts were important.			I'm not sure how the researchers will explain the reason for the study if one of the possible reactions to a security threat is to return the HIT uncompleted. Seems like it needs more thought.					
A7HBBL9DQ1JZ	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKF2CU6	UnnamedCompany	763	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
A7I8OUS9AD8XQ	3I33IC7ZWF39PAZ53CDEPDLA1D3A29	Twitter	833	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	it doesn't seem like this would be appropriate		This would help reduce the amount of hacked accounts greatly.	It would be great to help raise awareness about fraudulent activity on the internet.	this is a great way to warn someone who would normally ignore warnings.	it is a violation of privacy	I don't want their mood to be manipulated because of tweets	it is important for everyone to be cautious when using passwords	Everyone should know how to distinguish between fraudulent websites and legit websites	no harm would come to them
A7KVVBD129V2Y	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5N2UWBJ	UnnamedCompany	1246	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Spammers are a big problem and there is very little that can be done to stop them in the normal way.  If responses are significantly cut down and their success rate drops this is probably the only effective way to deal with them. 	I am not sure an algorithm can effectively detest positive/negative thoughts and feelings e.g. sarcasm but it may be an interesting study. 	As we all know the biggest security threat lies between the keyboard and the chair, any thing that will lessen this should be tried.	Again as above, researchers will gain more knowledge about how phishing attacks succeed so they can be prevented - this assumes that all necessary precautions, as outlined in the description about the experiment, are followed	Again this will increase knowledge in a dangerous situation and help to make it less dangerous.	I would participate so I have no problem if someone I care about participates.	I would agree to participate so I will allow others to as well.	Another security problem that needs to be dealt with and I would participate so I have no problem with anyone else participating.  	Since I would volunteer I have little hesitation in letting someone I know be included.  This experiment would hopefully as the researchers suggest enable better measures to deal with and eliminate phishing attacks.	As in the first experiment since I would be willing to participate, I would have no qualms about another person participating.
A7MNMAQFXAR8Y	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQ4LWVK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	720	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Yes I think a lot could be learned from this. Though I wish the researchers would divulge that it is a test the people who try to make a purchase so that maybe they would learn a lesson and realize this is a problem on the internet.	No.  No one should change people private social media without telling them even if for a experiment.	The more people are educated about the methods of hackers to steal from people the better.	Who is to say how secure the researchers are?  Giving passwords to a 3rd party is not a good idea.  What if someone stole the researchers computers or hacked into them?  Then someone else would have all the information.	It is stated that there are no real risk.  So what would be the harm?	I see no harm in this.  So sure.	I would never want anyone's private social media manipulated without their consent.	As I would like for anyone who I cared about to learn the evils of how hackers still your passwords and that they would know the next time a real hacker tried that this is a deception.	Study or not, I would never want my someone I cared about to give their password or any personal information to a party other than the one that it was supposed to be for.	I would want them to participate as long as there were no real security risk
A7NP0NK6CZPZE	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSINDL3	WithoutImprovingProduct	1457	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	I believe this research would help reduce spam on computers and make users more aware of the problems spam creates.	I don't think this is a positive experiment and goes a little far in interfering with someones personal life. Maybe my friend is having a bad day and needs advice I would want to respond to that and by blocking it I wouldn't know.	It is a beneficial study. Hackers stealing passwords is a a threat to everyone, that can cause financial hardship, stealing personnel information and sometimes destroying someones life. 	As long as the email didn't contain any controversial issues and the participant was notified that it was a research study in a timely manner.	I understand the importance of being able to test the security warning, but I believe the researchers need to listen if there are concerns along the way by the participants.	The computer was already infected by spam. It would actually let the participant there is spam on the computer. 	I think this is personal and maybe it is important for someone to know what someone is feeling on there facebook page. 	I believe research such as this is beneficial. This would eventually protect the people I care about. 	I believe this would be harmless to the participant 	It could cause someone I care about to take this security test very seriously and not knowing it was a experiment take actions 
A7PV8SUDA2CRC	3IHR8NYAM72QFSKUW9EZ8N73KGL4P7	Control	389	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
A7QCRGQN5N9H0	3QILPRALQ5WRV8VJSXRKLAIDMNT8NZ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	251	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent								Could teach them to be more secure.	It wouldn't necessarily be harmful and could potentially teach them a lesson.	
A7RAVFS10BUZ1	3WT783CTPBIR62WZ6J2GW1E2VPQBC9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1094	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Again, privacy and the right to truthfulness are at the forefront of this research. Users would deserve a full disclosure upon completion of the experiment. Albeit some may be embarrassed to have fallen for the scam, at least they did not fall for a real scam and hopefully will have learned a valuable lesson - for free. 	Again, a personal platform with some hopeful guarantees of privacy and individualism. This is not a good idea for research!	This is borderline a violation of personal privacy. While I agree the release of knowledge might totally comprise any data, this is a very gray area to proceed. 	Again, there appears to be no potential for actual harm to those involved and actually there are a number of potential benefits. 	Based on my previous premise, I think this is not the best idea for research.	Seems innocent enough to secure data that might make individuals less likely to fall for scams and waste money. In fact by redirecting users they may actually be saving them some uncomfortable results of their poor decision. 	This is not the place to be censoring information for research. Bad suggestion. These could actually cause unforeseen issues from the changing of the words. Bad idea.,	This description was more difficult to assess, but in the end the research is essentially harmless and the benefits could be justifiable.	The primary basis for the research is harmless. The survey does not divulge any information, and while it might be uncomfortable to have fallen for the trick, it might well be a beneficial learning experience.	This is another gray area involving personal privacy and the right to accurate and truthful information. Often mTurk workers are very dependent on their computing systems, and this type of research could cause unwarranted stress, plus cause the worker to over react to the potential threat. 
A7RQ5DNXWAA74	3E7TUJ2EGCNIN1NG8VJVP11USUDD9P	InsertPosts	1911	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	As above.	But only with conditions as above.	Unless there are some pre and post safe guards that are in place, it seems awful risky.	As above.	Seems we get this kind of deception frequently in HIT's. I don't mind I understand the need to not disclose til after task/study is done.	I say I have no preference, because I wouldn't want to recommend a person for this experience, but it seems the researchers seem neutral in the spam scam and are seeking to study the process. So I would give them a pass in the name of science. We must keep in mind my family many generations ago was from Germany. So I don't trust myself in these matter. I think it is great we usually have ethics committees to give us guidance and permission to continue with certain research or not.	Wouldn't want anyone to participate in this type study unless they had agreed to say some general research agreement or perhaps if this were done by positive adds that Facebook seems to foist in everyone's newsfeeds now and then.	I think they might be angry or feel violated and I sure wouldn't want them to think I would encourage or recommend them for such an experience.	I didn't read anything about the researcher getting permission to examine the subjects/student's Facebook account. Seems this would be an invasion of privacy and possibly against the law. Seems also there would be a liability of students passwords getting misused or stolen.	Yes, but only if one of those cautionary clauses that we frequently see before HIT's was included. Like call this number if you should be come upset after completing this task.
A7TKQ303L3KL6	3E337GFOL996ON11BV38DNZBAASGNH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1092	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	There obviously is a measure of success to spam, which is why it continues to exist - it would be good to measure the efficacy of such tactics.	Positive/Negative posts have varying degrees of efficacy, as well as importance, upon the user. Posts about marriage, posts about a death, these are all posts that can create conflicting emotions as well as significantly hurt users, whether it is because it was omitted from their feeds or because it was a contentious event in their personal experience.		Phishing is a crime with real consequences and a method to which many identity theft victims fall for - insight upon the practice would be valuable.		I do not encourage any individual close to me to respond or pay any attention to any spam at all - the researchers may not have bad intent, but without knowledge of which spam is which, it would be safer to not participate in any possible 'research spam.'	The study is examining the correlation or even a direct influence of the effect of posts on a user's psychological state. In the remote possibility that said friend would be so greatly affected, it would be my opinion that there is a deeper underlying mental issue at hand, such as depression, or even simply, a sort of internet 'addiction.'	Experiment seems to take place in a secure environment, and people should learn how and why they should keep their passwords safe.	Safe environment to conduct the experiment, so why not.	
A7TUG10LNB586	36WLNQG78ZB630GD2A8BMPE5GY1BEU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	358	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent		Same as above					Research seems too trivial to justify the manipulation of data.			I see not real benefit or harm to participation
A7TXRQKVKWM8Q	354P56DE9K4KB7I5QOG064WOYZ9S7G	Twitter	425	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	Must gather informed consent.	No informed consent is required since the data are already publicly available on Twitter; the researchers are simply applying a new analysis to posted tweets.	Must obtain informed consent for any psychology study.	This study has too much potential for abuse.  In addition, failure to gain informed consent is dangerous for any psychology study and has the potential to cause psychological harm to participants.	Researchers must obtain informed consent to avoid causing harm.	They would not have provided informed consent; I realize that this derails the ability to study them naturally, but it seems sleazy.	Seems innocuous.  They are just recording data that is already published on the internet; there is no deception here.	Again, no informed consent beforehand, no matter the justification, seems dishonest to me.	This study has too much potential for abuse.  In addition, failure to gain informed consent is dangerous for any psychology study.	I disagree empirically with any psychology study that does not include informed consent.
A7WB910OL60HT	39KFRKBFINWOSZMD6GPRZC6K597OY8	WithoutImprovingProduct	1471	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	Yes, because more knowledge will be known about why spammers spam.  	This experiment is an invasion of privacy.  	Informing users of the tricks would be better than the experiment. 	I do not believe universities would agree to this.  	Convincing users to avoid risk can be valuable. 	Yes, then his response will be included to measure the effectiveness of spam email.	I feel we do not have the right to alter the direction of a person's thoughts.	They may not have stolen the passwords, but this task is a form of burglary.  	There has to be another way to out phishers.  	I believe the effectiveness of a design is an important endeavor. 
A7WWXZ5KMC796	3OVR4I9USPKBF4L9WMTO8SXDPJ0Q4R	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	497	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
A7XORYUG9SUIQ	39GXDJN2OTF43D4SUODBVRCQ8PUV80	WithoutImprovingProduct	381	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	Is it even legal?	Because it messes with our minds				I wouldn't want a chance for private info to leak	Because I think this experiment can harm someones personality	I wouldnt want passwords and info to get out	Because when notified about the study they will realize what they did and change it in the future	So that in the future they can be prepared for something
A7Y57LYUL8SPF	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C1V50R	UnnamedCompany	350	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes			As long as they carefully do this it should be okay.	I think it's okay to use Facebook info for research				I don't want someone I care about to be hacked.	It's okay to use Facebook for research	It's not real
A7YG3GRSQFB31	3VNXK88KKCJ4HIN2ZGJPVN71S2LV9C	InsertPosts	783	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I don't believe this is ethical. They don't inform the participant and the sample size is extremely small.			Actual passwords need to be obscured and protected. Overall, he study seems valid and ethical but certain restrictions need to be enforced.	It seems as though the researchers took all necessary precautions.	I don't want anyone I know to participate in such a risky study.	Unclear as to if users are informed.	Seems safe, ethical and enforces good security practices.	It seems safe and enforces better practices.	Yes, I see no real harm in any security related task set by those parameters. Everything seems secure.
A7ZSAGKN7JL2P	3180JW2OT4DCP0LWF1SPGJR5BCWJ5B	NoAdvertising	893	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes		I think this study could have a negative impact on the group with negative posts.		Yes, it will benefit both the subjects that fall "victim" as well as the overall research community in this field. 			I would not want their emotional state affected by this study without knowing.	If they fall victim to this study, they will be more aware and better prepared in the future (so it will have a positive or neutral effect.)	Yes. I would want people I care about to understand their vulnerability online. 	
A8028AFBBS29G	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0MHI87	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	799	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The only way to find the answer to spam and if it actually works is to do research.		Yes they should do all they can to make the internet safer 	This research would be very useful to keep students and others from making a mistake and giving out valuable information to a stranger who wants to steal from them.	I think the only way to gain knowledge is to preform these kinds of experiments.	For the most part it seems pretty harmless to me they would only be helping out research.		The best way to find out why and prevent these kinds of things from happening is to do research like this. 	This one might help keep others from being victim to this kinds of attacks on their personal information and money.	They won't get hurt in the research and might help find ways to keep people from becoming victims.
A80PZ8RASZZJI	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT57YIW	WithoutPublication	414	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes				Impersonating someone's friends is unethical				Personal feelings shouldn't hinder legitimate research		Mild deception isn't harmful so there's no reason to object
A83PB37T69LL5	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0GZTPR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	287	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		I'm not sure that facebook has that much of an impact on people's lives		This is a safe environment and no harm will be done.  			I don't see the beenfit of this study.  		This is just an experiment and will also be a learning experience. 	
A874J372EIRI8	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOW99GV5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	794	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes							I have heard of this actually happening and it is messed up that they did this without consent.			
A87YB9FDI7V9I	3DI28L7YXAF5Q2YL0DFMGD1WUM9E1D	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2104	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	no			This could be used by malicious researchers.	They should be cautious of using personal information		They should not allow users computers to be affected.	This seems like a relatively harmless experiment.	Researchers should not have access to passwords.	It would help prevent phishing.	mTurk is related to real work and money, and it should not be toyed with in this manner.
A88CZ5CYKL5BJ	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7KLAL3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	3792	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
A8A7XDQ03DI76	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z6A4E4J	Twitter	1568	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	Again, the ethics of this study seem highly questionable. Since the participants are not aware that they are in a study they cannot give consent. This means that personal information of theirs is being used and reported on without proper consent, or even their knowledge. 	Farming users for their data is a very slippery slope to go down. While this research has well meaning intentions it could be used as a precedent for another round that has much less noble pursuits (i.e. how to exploit people for money). In addition the end result is terribly flawed. Judging a person solely upon their online activity could be very misleading and does not provide a full picture. Moreover people who are psychologically-vulnerable do not need a feature to protect them online, rather they need people to protect them and help them in real life.	This could be a very helpful data set to have. Often people do not know when they are at risk or when they should not trust the websites they are on. Instead they simply follow directions blindly without thinking. Knowledge of these techniques, and which ones are most effective, will help people be more aware in the future.	The participants do not know that they are participating and the use of their own personal information (facebook friends) in this is a little too far. Exploiting people and their information without their consent is too far to justify the good of the experiment. 	It is an interesting subject and something that can really have a positive effect for people. I know I personally ignore some warnings that seem like they are fake, and understanding the psychology of that would be helpful. This could cause a person undue stress, so it might be a better option to have them do it on a public computer and not their own personal one.	The participants in this study do not know that they are in a study in general. This seems to be a little unethical and I'm not sure how much I trust the methods.	No, I do not believe that people should be profiled based solely upon the information they put online. Furthermore the users will not have knowledge of this experiment or research, which I find to be unethical. 	Definitely would want people I cared about to be a part of this. The information is valuable and the negative ramifications seem to be very low.	I have some of the same ethical reservations as previous experiments, the fact that the participants are unknowingly participating, but this one is more controlled than the previous ones.	If they were a willing participant then it is ok. There are often different types of deception in these activities and this is just another form.
A8ATB5LSVKXZT	3M68NM076H8P6S4NSPB3AGRWHV7R6B	Control	244	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes										
A8AZKT8547W7O	3DYGAII7PL9X4X7SU6LCBQ88GDBQPT	WithoutImprovingProduct	450	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I'm not sure about this yet.	This one I am still struggling with. The data seems a bit manipulative. 	Like all studies proceed with caution. 	Like all data that is used. Be careful about where the data is stored.	The experiment is harmless and it will help with users ability to discern security warnings and such.	This one seems a bit too much. Collecting data like credit cards and such is a risk.	This study is a bit manipulative. I have no preference for either way.	Yes. This is an important study.	Yes. My candidate always clicks on links offered by emails. This survey would help users understand what phishing is all about and how much damage it could do to the computer.	I would like to see if my candidate would still proceed even though there is security warnings. 
A8B5QEE7H8BYK	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHDQH0U	Control	928	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Because there is benefit from this study, and minimal risk, this study should be performed.		There does not seem to be any risks with confidentiality or invasion of privacy.	I do not think the researchers should go through the facebook account of the person they are researching.			There does not seem to be clear benefit from this study. It seems pointless. I would not want this person's facebook screened for this study.		Going through facebook and impersonating a friend of a person does not seem reasonable.	There doesn't seem to be any risks of confidentiality or invasion of privacy. This may scare some computer users, however.
A8BGHKGBA8O33	3OCHAWUVGOLG23BO3SBW9HI2J5RKXG	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A8EFYHEFE8S9C	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYC3RD2	UnnamedCompany	994	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	It seemed safe enough until you said that the users would not be informed of two things.  	Safe and may have an interesting outcome.	Too risky for the participants.  How do we know that the passwords will actually be destroyed.	Far too risky to have all the researchers be 100% honest in this.	Be sure to be honest with revealing the information to each participant.  The security warnings should be made to seem real but with no risk.	The users need to eventually know that they will not be receiving a product and that their credit card will not have a charge.	This seems safe and a social/psychological research which can be interesting.	Security is risky these days and how would one know that their friend would be falling prey or actually in this study?	This one is even more risky with verification of profiles on Facebook and faking the sender as a friend.  	This one seems safe compared to the other two.  There is not a risk of entering important information.  
A8GQIDAML9EMA	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBIZ4JT	NoAdvertising	654	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	It is an informative study but users who buy and never receive their things, even though they did not lose any money, will be upset	Only choose people who seem to be doing well and in good spirits, nothing that could send someone spiraling into depression	See above. use the information to eliminate password stealers	If there was a well developed pool of people to send the email to. I think it may want to extend beyond students because they are usually more knowledgeable about computer security than say, older computer users.	no one will be harmed and they will all receive conformation that it was just a study.	This could get great results  but not fair to those trying to buy something and never knowing they are not going to get it.	It is possible they will have a negative mood but nothing drastic can happen	This is a great experiment to teach both the users and the website owners of how hackers do it and then stop them.	I think someone I know would get upset by this study. And explaining to them how it seemed as if a friend sent it would be agonizing	It would teach people how to protect computers, my family can be very ignorant at times
A8JFZCMHXNHD9	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHJW0HV	Twitter	1011	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent		It's too much like censorship. And a post could be removed that may be very important in some regards.	This one sounds a bit iffy. And there will be some who wont accept that no pw data was stored and/or used, which could cause problems for the researcher. 	Provided they have no direct access to student accounts, then yes. For example, passwords are encrypted and the researchers cant actually see them - only verify thru the university if they were accurate.					Anyone that got caught in the experiment would learn how easy it is to be tricked and become more cautious online - a good lesson for all	
A8KZRBZTIKVBL	3M0BCWMB8VX0K024NA2H8VL5N49WB2	WithoutImprovingProduct	375	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	They need to be careful in dealing with spammers and the software that is used.			They need to be wary of spammers.	They need to be wary of spammers.	I wouldn't risk my information possibly getting obtained by the spammers.			For the same reasons I wouldn't participate.	For the same reasons I wouldn't participate.
A8QZKCSSOK95P	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4GVA03	WithoutImprovingProduct	787	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	no	See above	See above	Make sure the passwords are not saved	The researches would have a database of passwords. If one of the researchers is unethical, or if that database was hacked, many people would be compromised.	See above	I would be skeptical of the researcher's ability to control the spammers. I would be worried that the spammers may have motivations beyond selling product (identity theft etc)	This study has negative effects for half of the users. No study which has negative effects which are not disclosed ahead of time should be allowed to occur.	The passwords are not saved	The researchers will gain access to their passwords.	There is no real threat
A8R36LINQ8Y4O	3Q8GYXHFEP3PHMFQ59B3TFEALQD5C5	UnnamedCompany	714	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	If you let the candidate know what you were doing, then it would be okay.  You could still track spam somehow.						This experiment does not tell the participant that they were in a study.  Also, this is breaking privacy rules.	At the end of the HIT, the participant is told the purpose of the study.	I think this would be okay because the participant is notified about this being a study.  Also, since phishing is such a problem these days, this experiment would be helpful.	At the end of the HIT, the participant is told that they were deceived and the purpose of the study.
A8RAYYZKGDBQD	3RKNTXVS3MZJSOES7QW2ISI8LVSA46	NoAdvertising	510	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	VERY EDUCATIONAL FOR SOME PEOPLE.	IT MIGHT CAUSE MORE HARM THEN GOOD. 	IT COULD HELP A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THE LONGRUN 	GOOD LEARNING EXPERIENCE	GOOD LEARNING EXPERIENCE FOR SOME PEOPLE	IT WOULD HELP TO INFORM SOME PEOPLE.	I DO NOT THINK THIS WOULD SERVE A GOOD PURPOSE.	I WOULD WANT THEM TO KNOW THE DANGERS. 	IT WOULD HELP EDUCATE THEM NOT TO DIVULGE CERTAIN INFORMATION	IT WOULD HELP TO EDUCATE THEM.
A8RBSFRZQ6O9	37QW5D2ZRGNOBLNO0T86K4SJ9N8S84	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	397	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no		Yes, it sounds like an exciting study.					If they weren't hurt in anyway, then I wouldn't have a problem with it.			
A8RFIU0K3NSSD	3S0TNUHWKTJI9W4633DHP56J8G6D8V	UnnamedCompany	374	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent										
A8RGWB6QN23CT	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HQYQC9	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	162	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										
A8UM292EGKZ14	3D8YOU6S9ELHMKW4WJ68FREGOLR6US	InsertPosts	9531	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I think social psychology is interesting, and would bet that people do match their "base's" moods, when possible.			Seems harmless.	Allowing computer infections is bad.	In this scenario, I would not be involved. Therefor, I would not be concerned either way.	I am not involved.	Phishing is dangerous business.	I am not involved, and don't foresee anyone needing to call me to fix their machine.
A8VBDRZPXTP8F	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7K0M9IQ	Control	910	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	I wouldn't trust the researchers to make the infected software safe.	Facebook should not be selling out their userbase like that.	Password is exposed regardless of how safe the researchers claim it is.	The password is a security breach.	Some people will be extremely angry at the security risk warning and jump to conclusions.	I wouldn't trust the researchers to make the infected software safe.	Emotion manipulation is wrong.	Password is exposed regardless of how safe the researchers claim it is.	Their password will be exposed.	No harm will be done so I do not mind one way or another.
A8WRG49K253EP	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUMJV1H	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	251	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
A8ZU8QDDKPIQ2	3K4J6M3CXEUZ447C2RY3RHFBB7TAGZ	NoAdvertising	580	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	I agree that people who go for the spam email should not know that they are part of a research project when they click on the store link.  However, I do think that they should be informed after they attempt to make a purchase.								I don't like participating in anything where other people are accessing my friends on Facebook.	
A8ZVT7438CTT5	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRC0JCPN	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	813	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	I would love to read this paper. Spam should be studied more.  	I don't know if I trust the "automated algorithm" to measure emotion. 		The results seem like they would be obvious.  			I like the idea of spreading positiveness. 	I would like everyone I know to participate in this experiment. 		
A904PUME3VGIF	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVM1KII	Twitter	237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A90JBLDKW71DX	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68EXWYP	WithoutPublication	286	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent								It would be up to them if they wanted to go into doing this in the first place, they should be going in knowing people are deceiving.		
A911XMMVXT7IU	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICC5RNC	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	708	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	Spams are becoming too serious an issue. Such efforts are always welcome.	This sounds like a useful experiment.	If some one in the research team misuses the password, the effects could be disastrous.					I don't know what kind of passwords(like net banking) are being recorded. So I would prefer to be on the safer side.		It sounds safe.
A9310DDBK786Q	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CN7AP8	Twitter	423	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	No one will be harmed in the study, so it seems fine to me.	I think companies like Facebook are already doing this. It seems like a common study to me.	It might actually be beneficial for people to see when they shouldn't trust people with their passwords. It might make people be more careful and protect them against spammers in the future.	It seems too invasive. First, they find people's friends through Facebook, impersonate the friend, then verify that the password is real.	Again, seems safe and potentially beneficial.	Since no actual sensitive information is being collected (like credit card numbers), I don't see the harm in someone I care about participating. 	I don't see any risks associated with this study.	Again, no real harm would be done.	I don't see the benefit of this study. It doesn't really seem like it will help people at all.	It doesn't seem harmful and it could help people be more careful in the future.
A93D9W3UFM3FS	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z60IV5P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	918	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Helps to stop spam, which is very annoying to receive.	Important psychological study.	This would teach people to be more cautious with their passwords.	It is an important condition to explore.	Helps with computer security messages.	It would teach them to be careful with spam emails.	They would learn how their mood was affected by others.	They would learn a valuable lesson from it.	This would help further research.	No risks are involved.
A94YBLCA9JYAL	3KRVW3HTZNM3WAPSUUIPPMTETXVSM0	NoAdvertising	269	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			Just because they say they won't steal passwords doesn't mean they won't.	Seems too dangerous						
A99SAONYWG99R	3YT88D1N08Z4M54AJ34821TYC7P3KS	Twitter	776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
A9AHG2NO0NCSL	3WR9XG3T63C19MGU0NKI81GIKL274O	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	724	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent		I think they should obtain specific permission rather than rely on a nebulous permission that was granted at the time the account was established					I think this is a terrible invasion of privacy and unwarranted manipulation of users posts.		I think that it would be unsettling to have a trusted source provide private info without permission	
A9DZ9VWIHM42A	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAG4WIJQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	466	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes			It would bring attention to the importance of keeping your passwords and info private.							
A9EMK2TB5Z5LN	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYPO4HF	UnnamedCompany	1180	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	The above explanation was rather convoluted to me.	I don't think any poster should be edited or censored.	Participants will not be identified and will remain anonymous? I don't believe it.	They are going to have to invade privacy one way or another in order to assemble a list of likely friends.		Sending spam is never safe and usually not invited.	I don't think any poster should be edited or censored.	Participants will not be identified and will remain anonymous? I don't believe it.	I don't like giving out information on my friends and I don't like using my friends: online or in the real world.	I have participated in such a study and I deemed it to be safe. However, my study was very straight forward about the warnings being variations to determine which variation would sound most legitimate.
A9HQ3E0F2AGVO	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUEEB7V	UnnamedCompany	1447	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Too many margins for error.		I especially like that they will inform the participants after the study the true intent.	Should be revised.		Participants will not be educated.	Variable; don't like the idea of some data being hidden. Participants not educated.	They will remain anonymous and no information will be stored. It may also make them more careful in the future.	Could damage trust in emails and I don't like the University verifying the passwords.	There is no real risk and will help make risk warnings more effective.
A9I6LVY4CKEN0	39LNWE0K4UXXF4R5YKFXCU4LXHQUIO	WithoutPublication	511	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes		even if people are negative, they still have a right to post what they want. 					I wouldn't want a friends posts to be excluded if they really wanted it posted. 			
A9KZGRERDRYHH	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVU8LZ5K	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Because of the deception.	I have reservations about the validity of the study.	Because of the deception involved.	I feel like they need to redesign their experiment first.	Participation should be by willingness not deception.	I think the participants should know that they are involved in a study.	While it does not seem harmful I don't like the idea of someone taking part in this without their consent.	I do not like that the participants don't know that they're involved.	I don't like that the participants don't seem to know that they are participating.	I do not think that participants should be deceived unless they agree to not knowing everything from the start.
A9LSEP71DNP4O	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZIA24F8	UnnamedCompany	255	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A9MBP31X9LQ9E	338JKRMM260D402NMXGLCHRCQXQHA5	Twitter	767	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Like I said, I think it's a clever way of doing it ethically, something I would personally have never thought of. 	I honestly don't see anything wrong with the study - it seems like it would have a net positive for society and it would only inconvenience some users for a minimal amount of time. The caution is this amount of time - you wouldn't want to expose someone to overly negative statuses for too long, that's where it gets a little tricky. 	I don't think people completing HITs are the most likely candidates to get hacked, so it could be skewed. Personal opinion though. 		Absolutely - seems well under ethical norms. 	This actually seems really clever, and I think it would be fine. Spam emails are the worst, so maybe with the knowledge gained they can help us reduce it. 		Yes, because I sort of worry about my parents' online behaviors and I actually think learning about this deception would be helpful to them. 	I don't know if I like researchers going through FB friends without permission at all, but if it is public information, fair enough. 	There is no danger at all, and it would help society. It's fine. 
A9MJVJAMLCDMV	3HL8HNGX452FLL1CZ1ELD14F440F93	InsertPosts	421	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		I'm just not sure about it					I don't know enough about it to feel safe			
A9NC1LQRVHJYM	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYKKCEN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	742	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	no	I think people who are foolish enough to fall for spam should be included in this study.	I mean it's okay to perform this survey if you have people's consent otherwise I don't think you should be allowed to filter people's feeds however you see fit.	Again I think that as long as it's a hit and the user already agreed to some form of study then go ahead and do it!	This seems unethical to me since you do not have the consent of the people you are studying.	Yes, because if it is a hit, then the participant has already agreed to participate in some kind of study.			So they can learn their lessong and be more careful in the future.		
A9QYAH5BONH1W	3IO1LGZLK9YJONPRTG53JZWRRVE86V	WithoutPublication	2427	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
A9RN1WA550FJU	3QHK8ZVMIMJK96Q5JWVFZK4PP20LB3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	721	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	I think it is risky and kind of wrong, but for a good purpose. 	Well, if they are getting these positive posts in peoples newsfeed, wouldn't that mean they have to be their friend/someone they know. So to me, it may be ignored if it's just like an advertisement, not sure how they will do this effectively. 	n/a	I think that this experiment could cause a lot of people to become angry. 	Seems logical. 	Well, if it's spam, is it necessarily junk, what if they ended up really wanting the purchase and can't get it. Of course they can look elsewhere, so it's fair. I wouldn't be upset if a cared one was a participant. 	Yes, I don't think it could cause any harm.	Sure, I see no harm being done.	This is a tough one, it almost doesn't seem right that they make it appear to be from a friend by using Facebook, but I get why they are doing it, but it is kind of tricky and misleading. 	It's all for the overall better, it can only help. 
A9VBY917YRBQ7	336KAV9KYQTALSX8JIRUSZ3H4HA2Y5	Control	421	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent		I think that if it's not in a controlled environment, it's not right.					I hate facebook with a passion.	Yes, it would help them learn about computer literacy and common sense.		Honestly, I don't really care what would happen.  But I'd lean more towards "No."
A9WE7XGK4XNSS	3XC1O3LBOSNK5SKMJIM0ZEABVCJTLQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	514	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
A9Y0MMR9OR2S6	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6EY8AXC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	356	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Is there any real benefit?	Unethical		Passwords should be secret.			Unethical	I don't think passwords should be exposed. Can you trust them to not store the password?	Passwords should be secret.	
AA1DD7CP8G98Z	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I63TQOG	NoAdvertising	776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	they should careful who they select to participate	as long as they have permission and are carefully watching the people with negative posts	i dont know how i feel about them keeping it secret till the end but i know it would be necessary they would need to set up securities	they should be careful about who they include	they need to be aware of people trying to hack them or something in retailiation before knowing the truth	this will show people what types of ads or products are most used	it might be interesting to see the answer	help people not get hacked	teach people how easy this is to get caught in	good information to know how to protect people
AA7ZQGZUR6V5E	3NXNZ5RS1AY26SM6HIG9P9RY6CO79Q	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	953	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	Maybe, but I don't know if they will be able to maintain enough control over the computer.	Seems harmless, but I'm not sure if they should be changing what posts they are able to see.	No actual passwords are being taken, so I don't think there are any risks.	I don't like the idea of them going through Facebook profiles.	I don't think there are any risks, and any deception will be explained to participants.	Too much manipulation, too much time wasted.		It could be a good opportunity for someone to learn about this issue and keep their passwords safe.	It would be kind of a waste of time to have to go through unwanted emails.	
AA8FJ33X8AEXZ	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28KZUN40	Control	395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes				They should be able to do this without phishing actual passwords.			This already happened back in 2012. It's all over the news.		This experiment would not harm the recepient	
AA90GOYL2MEHS	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5ILUVI	WithoutPublication	273	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent							I don't think someone should experiment on me and my friends.			
AAEZQL4J6CQGM	3H7XDTSHKCSWBHAF3WUV96C23GOWG4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	394	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	There needs to be some sort of caution involved with this. 	There is nothing to gain from messing with peoples Facebooks. 	There is no reason why they cant help people not be victims anymore. 	You cant make people give out their info. 	This will help people pay more attention to such warnings 	I don't want my friends in such a test that is lying to them like this. 	I don't want Facebook doing anything that excludes me from the posts of my friends. 	if they were or weren't it wouldn't really matter to me. Either way their life will not change. 	I don't want people giving out their information to people like this. 	I think either way their life will be fine. 
AAHZCL4LIPCBQ	3OS46CRSLF0HZZL419GDBDGZ2UB6VW	InsertPosts	232	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no										
AAIF7WKRYBDGT	3U4J9857OECLUL13F2U5GFMOUEX7BA	WithoutPublication	448	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
AAJC9VIP5DOP	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7XXZDM	Twitter	606	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes										
AAL2FH0VOQJGD	32AT8R96GLAM9IU13W9BGWA86C4SUK	UnnamedCompany	728	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	I have a concern with "allow[ing] one of their computers to become infected with software that is controlled by spammers..."	I have an ethical issue with potentially altering people's moods without their consent.  	I think a person's password should not be "stolen" even for research purposes without their consent.  There is the potential for abuse by the "researchers."	Even though only the "researchers" have access to students' Facebook pages, I think there is a privacy issue that needs to be addressed.	It would be beneficial to know what security warning techniques are the most effective.	I have a concern with the effectiveness of the "altered commands" being sent via the spam message.	I don't think a person's moods should be attempted to be altered without that person's specific consent.	The ability to potentially have a user's password(s), whether publicly disclosed or not, is a privacy concern.	I don't think the privacy of the students' Facebook page, in which the researchers would find "friends" of the students, should take place without the students' consent.	Exposing people to different security warnings would make people think more about the security warnings they (sometimes) blindly accept.
AANL6799CBVA9	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VCLKHU	WithoutPublication	879	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes			Do not violate any privacy.	Make sure not to violate any rights of students involved.					Goes to help people everywhere keep their information private.	
AAO5TB3NNDO3Q	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHL3LZNU	WithoutPublication	838	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	As stated above, the researchers might be tempted to use the personal info given to make purchases. 	Unacceptable to just randomly choose people and then 'hack' into and manipulate their accounts. 	Again, if people are giving personal info, they should be made aware who might have access to that information. 	Only with participant permission should any experiment be done. 	I think this is an important study because of the security issues that arise. Plus, it appears that no personal or financial information would be given, apart from the Amazon Mechanical Turk info that users have freely given. 	Again, as with the previous experiment, I have concerns about people not being aware of being part of the study. Also, anytime personal info, especially to make purchases is given, I think it puts the researchers in a position of being tempted to use the information for their personal gain. 	The info does not include whether the Facebook users would be aware that this is happening. I strongly believe that privacy is a huge concern and to have someone accessing your account without your knowledge is wrong. In fact, wasn't there just an issue with Facebook doing this to users? 	Privacy and ethics concerns	I don't feel that doing an experiment without seeking permission of the participants is right. 	I think that there is no personal or financial information given. 
AAP1AHL5VP971	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K7S4NV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	818	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	Privacy concerns  and failure to obtain consent	Informed consent needs to be obtained before the research begins.  If explaining the design of the study will skew the results, at the very least participants must be informed that they are *in* a study.	Extra precautions will have to be taken to insure the safety of the password data, making sure it it destroyed.	See above		Again, this is too much risk of exposure of financial data in cleartext.	I don't like the idea of another party deciding what I should or shouldn't see.		Email is not secure.  Sending emails with passwords in them risks exposing those passwords to a third party.	My son needs to learn about online security
AASQOP2VOVF99	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSK1LDT	NoAdvertising	335	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
AAV3XNWFTWPUW	3Z9WI9EOZZPJGDB9YOTA6VU8VA1KH6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	863	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes		NO NEED for this "service" to that social network...spend the money somewhere else...perhaps researching energy options...or water salination...or feeding hungry kids, eh??	think EDUCATION...not infringing on rights of the individual (for a good reason, of course...one person's good reason is another person's catastrophe!)	teach people about phishing and then let the individual TAKE RESPONSIBILITY...something we seem to have forgotten as a culture		again this seems to take research to a more deceptive level than is necessary...what about INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY!!   spam is what it is...no need to trick folks...EDUCATION is the key!	i feel as tho' i am already involved in this with fb...already...they have TOO MUCH CONTROL OVER WHAT I CAN READ/SEE and WHAT I CANNOT...	again, seems researchers falling to level of criminals...	this seems invasive, involving more than one human, choosing people from fb...all too Orwellian for me	i see no harm in this...and since "reality" effects action i see no other way to do what you describe!
AAWKOMPUB02SL	3ZAK8W07I4FM89APUUQR6Q4PBJ30UL	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	879	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The infected computed used could in turn easily spread the infection to other computers. The abstract mentions no safety measures against this possibility.							It's harmless and perhaps they will learn from the experience to not so willingly give out their password.		
AAXOAPIBFQUCB	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBVP6LR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2917	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes		It's too invasive	It's just too sensitive of a subject to divulge in	You can't trust anyone with personal information even if it's used for professional and research intentions			It shouldn't be up to third parties to determine what or what should not be in the user's news feed. It's only up to the person	It just sounds like a really risky thing to do.  Some people even professionals might become tempted to use the data and personal information of users for their own gain	Even if it was for research purposes I don't feel safe to be part of something that could cause me to give up personal information. 	It could help make that person more aware of his or her security on the computer
AB0F3ZOLU4CB3	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHNPYXK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	411	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	yes										I would want the individual to take security warnings seriously and this might help make them more aware.
AB1ESZCMZRM9A	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC28SHL	Twitter	584	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	This sounds like it's starting to go towards a slippery slope where they need to make sure they're being careful with their data.	Why not? It sounds interesting.	Same answer as above.	Access to university passwords starts to border on a little sketchy, especially since they're not informed or consenting to be part of research.	No one's actually at risk and nothing harmful is actually done, so why not?		More simple research stuff.	Seems like normal research stuff, who cares?		
AB6GY896TYRBQ	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TEN02I1	WithoutImprovingProduct	623	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Working with virus's can be risky and things can go wrong but it seems like a good experiment.	Again, the experiment seems harmless as long as the participants agree to be in it.		See above.	There's no harm in the experiment and they are only being "deceptive" in the interest of getting valid results.	As long as there's no harm to innocent peoples computers.	The experiment seems harmless. Why not?		Again, this is an experiment that is in peoples best interests. Some people may think some of these are "unethical" but if an experiment is done for good reasons, I don't see why people are so worried.	There's no real threat and it's only for the good of their actual interests.
AB77LT0HIBAXF	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6J8QBTM	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1167	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This seems to violate my understanding of IRB procedures				There are plenty of psychology experiments that tell people they are studying one thing and then measure their reaction to something else					
ABBSU04S3ENEB	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7SOZD3	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	481	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	unsure	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent		Is there informed consent? 		"Afterwards, the researchers will notify students that this was a research study."  There should be informed consent.  Probably not possible with this design so too bad no experiment should be done.		This would not affect them is a real way so it is a non-issue	I don't like facebook and would rather some I know not help them.	Most people I know are not scam literate.	Seems creepy and open for abuse.	
ABCOZMJNPGODP	38F5OAUN5NDVLY4PFU412QPMPRC7H0	Control	450	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent		Yes because we need to understand how the media effects us.					Due to their feelings of being left out.			It really would matter.
ABENA5TVJXYFU	3NVC2EB65Q0Z6ATRNI5ZB989AMD3Y2	InsertPosts	770	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent										
ABFJSOC07JFH2	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GL8LG87	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	305	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
ABH1BAWHYQ480	34HJIJKLP5X3KCHQILNYEFWL6124V2	UnnamedCompany	637	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			It would be interesting to see how likely people are to fall for these tricks.	I understand they would have to log into there accounts to check the validity of the passwords there phishing collects but I still don't think it should be allowed.		I don't like contributing to statistical data without my knowledge so I wouldn't want it to happen to anyone else regardless of whether i know them or not.	I consider this sort of research useless.			
ABI9V3Z4ILCUC	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0I17TY	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	393	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent										
ABIPPF1B1RM50	3OE22WJIGIPAW2FOBSK6LWV7OQ3QUH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	605	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ABKF0FCRME5N3	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXQ9J39	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1091	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	If researchers are going to make sure no purchases are made on the participants account that is acceptable, but if they are not being made on the researcher's fake spam site, and they are made on the spam site they should not be allowed to do this even though it may benefit others in the future.	Facebook accounts are personal, and evoke personal reactions from people.			I think it is a worthwhile venture, and if done correctly could yield interesting results.	Spammers would have access to their account details.				I think there is a possibility that they would be worried about the security risk beyond a healthy reaction, so I would not want them to participate.
ABL7JXJZRKOEY	308Q0PEVB8EZVC3209K6GYH7KQGI99	Twitter	490	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	I don't quite know how any of this works, obviously I find it risky to allow someone to let a spammer attack your computer but since I don't know what techniques can be used by the researchers it might be safer than what I thnk.	No private information is really necessary, since many people have tweets that are viewable by the public. I would be interested to know the result of this study.	It should be very clear that there is no hacking or stealing of personal information involved.	I suppose the students could change their password afterwards, but many people use the same password for numerous websites so that seems risky.	I think it's important to have appropriate warnings so people do not fall for such tricks.	I don't know the exact procedure but what if there is a risk that the researchers will not be able to control the spammers' attack?	I think this seems safe and also very interesting.	Even though it is an experiment, if any personal information was actually revealed I would be nervous about that.	I don't think it's safe to reveal your passwords, even for a scientific study.	This seems like a very good study, no risks are involved as far as revealing personal information.
ABLNC5I86AMC0	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBOCEIX	WithoutPublication	1056	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	I am just worried about the collection of the sensitive information.  Customers may be upset when they found out it was an experiment, and they willingly gave out their information	Most people glance at facebook throughout the day on their phones.  If the posts don't load correctly, they wouldn't know until they look on the computer.  	They might get a bit of backlash from the participants.  If they did give their information, they would want to be absolutely sure that no one on the research team collected that information.	but with the opportunity to change their password immediately	I believe that certain security warning are ignored by users all the time.  If you could see what works and doesn't, then computer security technicians could use the stronger warnings, and keep their company computers, and company networks safe (er)	We get enough spam.  I would not want to risk an accidental purchase, or collection of sensitive information	I do not care, because facebook never loads correctly anyway.  So I always reload the screen with the most recent posts.  	I would allow it.  I would just really worry about the sensitive information.  	I would allow it as long as they are given the immediate opportunity, to change their password.  Maybe an email from the University, saying their password has expired, please change it.	I would love to see the results of this experiment.  I would not mind if someone I cared about took part in the experiment.  I would want to see how they reacted to the different security warnings.  
ABLP1KUWW46S6	3C6FJU71TQUJ546A2210YIY9N4QYU8	WithoutPublication	1394	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It serves no real purpose for the person being experimented on 	it is a violation of a person's trust and serves no real purpose for the individual 	they would reveal their true purpose and would not keep any passwords so there would not be any actual harm done 	Participants will not be identified and will remain anonymous and it provides a much needed service	 researchers would be able to produce recommendations to improve the effectiveness of future security warnings	who cares about the effectiveness of spam we just want rid of it that is why it's considered spam and not advertising	In what way would their lives be improved this is not an experiment to improve someone's life and how can a social media company possibly be able to produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users.	I would be concerned for their safety and would hope that the experiment would help them to realize their vuneralbility	this experiment would make someone realize the extent in which a hacker would go to to get their password and make them more weary of suspicious emails	I think that after receiving a detailed explanation of this experiment and understanding that it was meant to improve security warnings anyone would be glad to help
ABR4A73VPRJME	33ISQZVXPPNAG7O5KJYB7LKKD7JCC4	UnnamedCompany	1440	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes		It bothers me to manipulate someones social network w/o their knowing it.		I'd want to be careful how you publish the results.  	Personally I assume all those pop ups are tricks so I usually shut down the browser when they pop up.  So might not work for some people. 		This seems to pass the privacy boundary.	It seems like a legitimate reason and it's not hurting anyone.	I think it's safe enough but the results would help phishers be more effective.	It can't hurt them and might help them be more careful
ABREDVJ6LQDOF	3OE22WJIGIPAW2FOBSK6LWV7OYNUQL	NoAdvertising	542	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	yes	it seems important but I don't like it		people's security has to be the most important thing	this needs to be stopped so it seems important to do		i don't want anyone i know to have someone messing with their computer without their knowledge	I feel like facebook shouldn't have that kind of power to protect peoples moods. the whole point of facebook is to post whatever you want	i value their privacy		seems harmless
ABT3J642ZER5Y	32AT8R96GLAM9IU13W9BGWA86DWSUE	WithoutImprovingProduct	479	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes						I would want them to learn that they should not be clicking on spam.	This can really depend on the person and I think therefore that the experiment has no use.	This will give people a heads up to never share their passwords unless they know 100% that the site they use is trustworthy.	This experiment is taking advantage of a person and diving into their privacy.	This can help researchers understand how to display a warning of a security risk to better influence people.
ABUNAEPK8GV63	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEWFYGC	WithoutPublication	429	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ABUXM7VAW5SKJ	3ZPPDN2SLVXNF71G4QUFVJJFSYUE9J	Twitter	1726	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent					I believe this type of experiment would be helpful, but some level of confidence should be maintained throughout the entire process.	This is a serious problem for myself and people that I know personally. I would like to see an end put to this as it stands in the way of progress for individuals and groups.		I thin this is a novel experiment that will help many people with computer security	I wouldn't want anyone to feel even more vulnerable than ever.	
ABWGUXCKV8HZN	39RP059MEHU4FO8QJ8WUZXJEP1ZMB3	WithoutImprovingProduct	755	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes						Sure. I see no harm in it				
ABXDA2YDALKG8	3P1L2B7AD1Q4S0FEN101544OWUXLO7	Control	1744	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes	I believe this is borderline fraud and should not be permitted. People would be using their real information and payment forms on false websites for products that aren't real.	This should not be permitted.  It amounts to censorship.  What someone posts online is their intellectual property and editing it without their knowledge or permission should not be allowed.  What if the algorithm changes or deletes an important post about a persons health or relationship they are trying to share with family?  Unacceptable.	Many people that I know would be very upset they were deceived.  This deception and the fact it would be so easy to get information from them would likely have a very negative effect on them and their internet behavior.  They would probably not adopt more secure habits and learn to properly protect their system, they would more than likely cut down what they do online thus limiting their experience with properly using the internet.	The information students would be entering would be their real passwords, and on top of that they are actually going to be checked to make sure they are real.  This is very deceptive and should NOT be allowed.  	As long as caution is used and NO REAL INFORMATION/PASSWORDS ARE BEING INPUT then it is possible this will benefit people who may not know about computer security.	This is very deceptive and I would not want anyone I know to take part in this.	This is a manipulative process.  It calls for changing someone else's posts without their knowledge or permission. 	Most of the other people I know are amateurs with computer security.  Even if they were told that nothing was actually stolen from them they would end up in a panic and be upset that they were deceived.  	This again is a very deceptive study and I would not want anyone I know to participate in it.	Several people I know would actually benefit from learning about computer security.  An experiment like this that doesn't actually collect real information or make them enter real passwords would make them think about security more without the risk.
ABXPIFV6LPN8L	39LNWE0K4UXXF4R5YKFXCU4LXOPUI1	Twitter	433	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no		No caution needed for this		You may get some very upset people with this one	Research is very important and therefor necessary	There is no harm in this	No harm in this for research	This is needed for security	This one seems a bit deceptive even though the researchers will inform afterwards.	I would not want them to feel threatened.
ABZCA1DW2YSM0	3WMOAN2SRBYP6KRW0Q2UDO2LXIZNVI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	5732	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						They wouldn't be harmed and it could be useful.				
ABZW9W5XH2LL2	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMNR2VP	UnnamedCompany	1863	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes					I have no complaints or worries with this experiment.					I think that it is important for everyone to be more secure and I hope that the conclusion of this study produces that result.
AC4DWRCDQ6MIJ	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EEAJ2H6	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	Too many things could potentially go wrong. I don't know the experience that the researchers have, and whether or not they might accidently leak the personal information of the test subjects.		They would have to have a very high level of supervision. A single researcher could decide to store the user's data. There are too many potential risks that rely on every single researcher not committing theft. 							
AC6J9CWG3URXJ	3I02618YA07PWQE9BF5HLR5XJY8UPT	Control	1384	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Honestly, I think this is a difficult one. It isn't really harming people, but like I mentioned above, it is very intrusive and people may have real problems with it. Spam is very easy to recognize. What is wrong with sticking to the spam filter until they come up with a better idea?	I think that Facebook can be a competition of emotions a lot of the time. People try to one-up each other, trying to get the most likes by being "depressed, angry, or awesome." I myself have found that I tend to want to post the highlights of my life to convince old high school acquaintances that I am indeed, awesome. It sounds really stupid, but I think this could explain a lot about human nature. I want to see this happen.	 Ever seen "To Catch a Thief"? It was a show that simulated fake break-ins on an unsuspecting family while they were gone from their house. You can bet they really amped up security after it happened. Perhaps that could help in this situation too.	I believe that this is really for the greater good of all the people that will be using the system. Far too many people fall victim to these scams and it would be good to try to do something to fight it.	It would be unwise to have older participants that have a risk of cardiac arrest. The security warning could startle or frighten them and cause a health issue. Also, if one of the participants starts to panic, other people in the experiment could get hurt. Just a few things to keep in mind.	I just feel that this violates a certain level of privacy that needs to be maintained in a professional workplace. Even if they remain anonymous, their personal habits will have been recorded and I feel that this is invasive without consent from the subject.	Facebook is the center of all things insincere. It doesn't hurt anyone and it definitely would be interesting to see how a loved one of mine let social media influence them!	This is another situation where it is good to know what CAN happen to you. If you are high risk then it is good to find out that you are not protected first-hand.	I would want someone that I love to be protected from these awful scams, so as long as they don't actually get hurt by the experiment, I would like for them to feel the effect of a phisher and see directly how dangerous it is. Especially my mom! She's so naive...	It seems that it is a fairly harmless experiment. It might be beneficial to the person I care for to see how they react under a stressful situation. It allows one to become more aware of how their brain and body work. Perhaps they could use it to react more efficiently/safely in the future.
ACBO4AQ3HS95N	3XXU1SWE8MW2T0WROP906PSV4F1A07	WithoutImprovingProduct	753	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I'm not sure after allowing a computer to be infected that the experiment can be properly controlled.	Such an experiment could not exclude young children, and those with mental health issues, such as depression, and could have a negative real world effect. 	Since passwords are not being stored or collected, I have no issue with this research.	Being that Phishing is a crime, and that the results do nothing to further prevention, I see no point in conducting the experiment.	No real risk, and a useful tool to determine, and improve alerts to protect people.					
ACC10KKEL30H3	3AMYWKA6YBNM9FC70XUZGLMR61S6O8	UnnamedCompany	603	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
ACCXC5V05C9R9	38F71OA9GTXUS5K6OAIQINAZ42JMFJ	UnnamedCompany	756	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	Why act like the bad guy?	Once again, I don't see the benefit.  I think this is just screwing with peoples' emotions for the hell of it.	I don't know how having those numbers could possibly help, so I don't see the benefit.	Once again, why act like a bad guy?  I don't see the benefit.	Seems there could be a slippery slope here.	It's just dirty, and why would researchers need to know the effectiveness of spam?  Knowing that it is effective enough for spammers to keep doing it seems to be enough.	I don't see any benefit to it, and I can see it having negative outcomes.	I find this to be deplorable.  Most people are smart enough not to ever divulge their passwords, but some people are naive enough to do so.  This is preying on the weak in the name of "research"	No need.	I don't see a problem with this.
ACDMRBWXJK5L0	3U8YCDAGXPHUGG38DL6MWP7087KQ0B	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	980	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent			 		It seems like HITs frequently present as though they are studying one thing and then alert you to the real purpose after you have completed the study. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. 	It sounds like people would think they were buying something, but not really being able to do it? That sounds annoying and inconvenient. 	The point of Facebook is to communicate with your friends. I ****ing hate the way you can't just see every post in order already, the idea of having what I see manipulated is annoying. Also, the idea that this is to 'protect psychologically vulnerable users' is ridiculous. 	In spite of the fact that I don't think there's any real harm in this study, I'd feel compelled to change all of my passwords after being told that I was in this study.	There are things that I find uncomfortable about this survey (it doesn't sound like the person being impersonated is asked for consent?), but it doesn't sound especially harmful, and the information being used is public.	
ACDONYIK53XJB	3X4MXAO0BGPN07JTJ7O78AQ95O6RW0	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	580	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	no			Again,I think that one's privacy is being compromised.Almost breaking the law, research or not.					I think that one's privacy is being compromised.		I think the person should be made aware.
ACDTQNYOT3GG8	3TXWC2NHNZROPQ6Y5LEKK0NUTRI9SY	UnnamedCompany	259	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes										
ACH2DLG512HN3	3HHRAGRYX869RYE5Y4XB0VDTW389OW	Control	353	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	no	no	it helps people understand what spamming really is all about	I don't believe in this to be only used for research purposes	Experiments like this can get out of hand if real hackers somehow manage to get in.	This is a bad experiment to conduct as a whole	This experiment doesn't seem to be too good	I don't really care about this experiement whether or not the person chooses to be involved that is completely up to them	people's facebook should be kept private and not allowed to be in this experiment to prevent harrasment of users	it is useful to help educate users on preventing hacking	phishing is not something to be taken lightly and I wouldn't want somebody i know to be exposed to it	The experiment does not seem to be that useful so I wouldn't insist that they should join this experiment
ACHSKVZ4GT5DM	33M4IA01QG22P7OJTCKTAT4GETXRXK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	644	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	yes										
ACI7WCUGAYSB9	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQ3NWE7	WithoutPublication	630	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	indifferent	Those scammers can be dangerous people and escalate problems if they found out they were being manipulated.	That's manipulating what is real and spinning it into a false thing for the user.	If they can't help anyone, why proceed?	I think it is an invasion of privacy.	This experiment wouldn't put anyone in any risk.	If someone is willingly going to a scam site, they are responsible for their own actions.	I wouldn't want someone I cared about being shown negative things on purpose.	No one should replicate password stealing.	I wouldn't knowingly let a friend get phished, either by a researcher or by someone malicious.	It wouldn't bother me, there is no real risk.
ACIDGAHR0K1B5	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AX4FR2	NoAdvertising	637	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	Consent is a big issue, especially when it comes to the participant thinking they're making a purchase. It's hard with this kind of study because it relies on the lack of informing the participants.		Make sure that it is absolutely known that the passwords were not stored, otherwise it could cause a problem.	Use caution when impersonating people. It might almost be worth it to take a group of students and ask their permission to impersonate them for research and have them sign a non-disclosure.						
ACJP4U6IPAGYI	34FNN24DCMA2KPGV11TSQ66TOHK5Y8	WithoutPublication	629	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	Any progress in getting rid of theft problems are worth the studies needed to make that happen.		I do think this sort of research needs to be done but it needs to be handled in a very secure and highly monitored way to make sure hackers do not gain access via the research itself.	The research done could be helpful in making people realize that this problem is easier to fall prey to than they may think.		There are so many identity threats now that people may not realize how spam is such a dangerous tool when used wrongly and may not realize it unless it is published 		It's a good reason to run the experiment but there is some risk of passwords actually being stolen via said research so it's more of a gray area.	Since this is such a wide spread but not widely known issue it's important that people be made more aware of it. 	
ACMK00BAK2OU9	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6IJYJR	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	392	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Some might feel offended.	I don't see what difference it would make but it'd be interesting to find out the results.	I think some people will feel violated.	Some might get very upset and feel as if they were really decived and the info was used maliciously.	No harm can come of it.	Don't see how they can go wrong researching it	Can't hurt anything.	I don't see what the harm can be	It wouldn't matter to me if they were involved or not.	I think they would need to have all different types of people to have a valid study.  I don't see how anyone could be hurt in it.
ACMUYE09TCR4G	3L70J4KAZGNWSKXL01XVLWCEY4XDAQ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	742	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes		no harm in posting positive things.				This experiment was of no consequence to them, no harm done. And it may be helpful to others.	This is silly research and it is of no consequence to me.	This is something of value to the world, and it seems very safe for the candidates chosen to participate.	I do not like how much access the researchers have to both facebook and to the campus passwords.	It is research that could make a difference to someone, and the participants were at no real risk.
ACOKFBC75D5OR	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMQLV2I	WithoutPublication	1224	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	They have to be really careful not to mess up and have the people actually go to a spam site and lose money; also collecting financial information is always dangerous			they're not doing anything bad with it and it's hard to research otherwise		If they were to go through to these spam sites, I'd rather them go to a fake one for research than a real one and lose money		could make them more alert and security-minded on the internet		Some of the people I know are really unaware of how many risks they take on the internet; this could be a good way to make them aware
ACP5OSFS4WW3Y	33LKR6A5KEL7FLGIQ84HFZ1XXWST1E	NoAdvertising	875	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes						I don't believe it would have much of an effect at changing anyone's behavior, gullible people will remain that way in my opinion. 				
ACQ1B7MAA7NCV	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW82YBX2Z	WithoutImprovingProduct	710	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	If someone wants to buy something, they should not be stopped from doing so. Spam is annoying, but if someone wants to respond and purchase something via spam, so be it. I would be upset if I thought I purchased something, but I actually "pretend" bought something off a dummy site of some researcher. Spam can link to legitimate products. 			It would be a good lesson for the person that fell for it. 						
ACQL2D91FOIPB	3HL8HNGX452FLL1CZ1ELD14F43YF9Z	InsertPosts	574	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Since Facebook is a corporation and they are doing so without informing their userbase I can see some issue with this, but not to the point to say it for sure should not be done.		Having access to private info is still dangerous, but this can be used to help many others.					It's best they learn to be careful in a safe situation then just getting actually phished and harmed.	
ACTCIMKZLJV9M	3CTOC39K37RRC4ZF3U7ME3512KQJ7T	WithoutPublication	354	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes							I think it seems like a very interesting experiment. I would have no problem with someone else i cared about participating			
ACTDK3AQQ73KL	3X73LLYYQ1FKOJWCV1LQYNBCP5YNH6	WithoutImprovingProduct	772	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no		I find that this experiment likely has very little impact on participants.	I believe valuable results could be gained.		Read above response.		It doesn't really matter to me.	Since the subject is never aware of any potential harm, and no potential harm is actually ever present then I see no issue in performing this study.		Some people get really scared  about security threats.
ACW42WPI07324	39ZSFO5CA8XTAFBBG20XOVJLASLUJY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1279	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	The vulnerable users may well get another spam from the same source, attempt to make a purchase through that site and see it actually "work" this time, giving the spammer their information. The only way I would accept this as a legitimate experiment is if there was a short amount of time allowed, say 3 days, for running the experiment following which all the users who had clicked through to the website received an explanation of the study and a link to some anti-spam educational resources.  	Someone should take a closer look at the experimental design and what can really be concluded from it.	Computer security is an important field which deserves more study.	Some tweaks to the study design could probably address the security concerns.	It should cause no harm and potentially some good.	As described here the users--clearly people who are vulnerable to being taken in by spam--are left with a belief that this was a legitimate website.	I don't think that being a participant in this study would cause harm. However, the study itself is potentially flawed in a few ways. It could be that someone seeing more positive posts is more likely to post about trivial positive things and so an increase in their own happy posts may not be a true indicator of mood as this is assuming it to be. Also, the justification for the study sounds like they plan to look only at happy moods but generalize it to unhappy moods which may not be valid. And if you attempt to protect people by hiding negative posts you may just make them feel isolated when they don't hear about the negative things all their other friends hear about.	It sounds harmless--possibly even educational for some--though less computer literate users could be scared by not fully understanding the situation.	In this case they are actually capturing passwords. There's not even any mention of how these would be stored or, most importantly, deleted. Since people often use the same password in more than one place this could expose the participants to risk if the passwords could be stolen.	It sounds harmless and could give a useful result. It might scare a person who isn't very computer literate but they probably wouldn't be using MTurk if they were that unfamiliar with computers.
ACWYF9Z50PCA9	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0C98ZJY	WithoutImprovingProduct	3480	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Possibly they should be allowed to proceed with the experiment if it involved compensating the participants.		Yes, assuming the research is worthwhile and stands a good chance of providing information leading to improved security, and is undertaken in a cautious manner.	The procedure used to verify that the passwords entered were valid is worrisome and violates expectations of privacy.		This sounds like it would cause aggravation to the person and waste their time.  	I think the exclusion of information is troublesome and could effect the well-being of the participant.	The experiment causes no harm, provides valuable research, and may serve to remind the candidate participant to be more vigilant about their security.		
AD1WGUMVD6KED	3P4RDNWND57O1OGBMLBJ5SVAG5YIJU	WithoutImprovingProduct	517	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		Doesn't really seem like the study would be of any benefit, but it doesn't hurt either.	To help people learn how to stay protected from password theft.	It could be beneficial.	It could be beneficial.	It seems safe enough, but at the same time you never know what could go wrong.		This seems like it would be really beneficial in helping prevent people from getting their passwords stolen.	The results could help people decipher a phishing scam or not.	The results can help people know which security warnings are real and which are fake.
AD3FHBN3CIG7C	3GFK2QRXX9IYVKLVM0B459LDDIXW5V	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	864	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It definitely sounds as though it could be a useful study, but would need to be done in a controlled environment or with computers that are not already filled with personal information.	What if those negative posts that were ignored were very clear signs that someone was going through something very serious? I can't condone that type of manipulation.	Same as above.	Same as above.	It does not hurt the participant in any way (save for a little blood pressure increase if they were alarmed by the warning), I say why not?	There is so much loaded in these malware packages these days that I would be worried about the implications of allowing such a thing to exist on a computer for even a moment before researchers were able to modify it.	It's purely manipulation of relevant information and undermines the point of facebook as an interpersonal communication device.	Without the methods provided, I don't actually know.	I'm not sure impersonating someone else without that person's permission is a great idea.	I know a bunch of people that I'd like to scare into being more aware of their computer and internet security.
AD3JIEX8S212W	3N4BPTXIO8TOLZHTYN09PAJYPNBKUP	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	835	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
AD5Q0TJWSVZVL	317HQ483I7TKKE7W1J3BYZCRPJWINF	UnnamedCompany	1098	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	They are making others vulnerable to attack on their pc by running an infected computer.	I would not like my personal communication blocked.	Find another performance measure besides passwords.	Find another way to analyze phishing attacks.  They should be able to find another performance measure.	I would give them an example of the human factor with pc's.	I would be wary of any interface with an infected PC.  Just because they have supposedly made safe that spammer application does not mean the device is safe to use.	You are interfering with the communication between parties.	I'm not comfortable tweaking with individuals passwords.  Also how are you going to 'Insure' no passwords were collected?	Are you going to trust human beings to not test temptation by trying the passwords elsewhere.  Most people use the same password across multiple sites.	If it is performed in a sanitized pc it would be acceptable.
AD72VY8GLM8E2	3TE3O8573091ORLM5NZ0K3AK1HS2RA	UnnamedCompany	895	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes									This one just seems unethical to me.	
AD7CUW86FWEKT	3HQUKB7LNFFSENA1S3QDT3EG3VBHHH	UnnamedCompany	387	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
AD8E316YDQCM2	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5HX814N	WithoutImprovingProduct	1506	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Again, as long as no information whatsoever is recorded about to whom the emails are sent or who clicks the links, I'm generally ok with this. The study cannot be completed with full consent, and the participants are at no higher risk than they would be if any other computer were spamming them. However, I would worry about IT safety of other computers on the researchers' network.	If the study is done in an ethical manner, participants are consented, and so on, then yes, they may proceed. However, tinkering with your own site's content delivery without informing those being studied is unethical and skeezy.	It appears the researchers have thought about and accounted for the ethical implications of their study, and should be allowed to proceed.	The experiment would have to be performed in an ethical manner, with full consent of those participating. The separation of identifiable information would be a concern, as would access to facebook friend status for the sake of performing the experiment. The verification of passwords with the University seems unethical, unnecessary, and logistically difficult. The study itself should be rethought with ethical considerations in mind and retooled slightly.	The researchers need to consider that possible participants may return or abort HITs when presented with any security warning, and as such the data may be skewed.	But with reservations about the data which is collected by the researchers, that NO information is collected about the recipients or respondents, only the number of sent emails and the number of clicked links is tallied.	Though, again, I would only be happy for them to be included if they consented to the experiment.	As long as they consented to the study, I would have no reservations.	Yes, but only if they were informed about the study, that they were taking part in a study at all, and if they consented.	This seems relatively harmless.
AD8IST2XEJ7VB	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WE313UD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	442	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent			I think it would be best to get the participants to be aware that they were in a study and to sign an agreement beforehand. This can be done without exposing that the study is about security. 	It doesn't seem that the students were informed about the study beforehand and did not consent to it. Facebook is currently facing criticism for performing an experiment on unsuspecting users and many people are calling it unethical.						
AD8Y75R3BUREE	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA27A40YF	NoAdvertising	1103	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes		It show who people react to post.	No you don't have a pass word to give it away	Passwords should we ours only	Helping them will help us	I don't open spam	Just to see if it would change the way the post things on facebook	So they will know when and when not to give out there password	We should never give out our passwords	If we know before we would most likly do more to help
ADAW3GX7J01GK	34X6J5FLPTZ1IM4UZTGSEUMW7FIQJ8	NoAdvertising	340	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	Science should always be allowed	As long as the researchers choose their participants wisely, I see no probelm	No problems here, get your data	Research is important	No problems here	As long as there was a gurantee that there wouldbe nopermanet damage, I don't see wht not	Seems fine, maybe a little invasive but no real harm	Seems fine	They should know better, or learn 	Seems likea good lesson to learn while gathering data
ADCXF6QY5T046	3JWH6J9I9SEAX6TQV9BUCC8EUSVNBS	WithoutPublication	983	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		It seems harmless	They should be allowed but in a way that makes people know they arent stealing passwords		It sounds like it might scare people	It would be that persons decision	It would be that persons decision	That would be up to them		It would be their choice
ADDKDJQRNIHMF	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IGOHWB	UnnamedCompany	381	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes		They are allready aware of the research so this would affect their emotions and therefore affect the outcome of the research.								
ADDQ7PHD1RYXN	3S3AMIZX3U6KLZUJKFTMRR22YA3CDI	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	752	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes						The only negative side effect would be that the person was inconvenienced, and a lot of good could come from the research. 	I don't think it's right to have a non-threatening facebook post blocked/not shown without the users knowledge. 	I'm not sure if I would choose yes or no.		
ADDZC3QY00IEK	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVU8T5ZY	Control	443	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no										
ADELVIDJSRJGS	324G5B4FB39KAYYTHMXGWYQ53AJ707	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	441	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Again, it's difficult to navigate conducting a study where participants are unaware.	Privacy violations.	Once more, a little squicky to be studying participants without their prior agreement.	It's an ethical gray area to perform studies on someone without their prior knowledge.	You know, the word "deceive" in there.	Spam is annoying. Knowing more about stopping it seems like a worthwhile endeavor.	I don't see how this is beneficial, and believe it violates my privacy.	It's hard to keep your passwords safe, and being surprise-attacked could make people more aware in future.	I think this is important information for someone to have. It can be difficult to recognize phishing attempts/profile hacking, but knowing how is valuable.	I often ignore security warnings. I know this is bad. I think other people do it, too.
ADF1L05HMQGAN	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPDFYZP	WithoutPublication	473	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	I dont like the idea of promoting the possibility of more spam	Results could be interesting and could change some peoples attitudes.	This is very beneficial and could be educational.	This could be educational	Everyone needs to be more secure.	Nobody likes spam	As long as they knew it was happening.	Everyone needs to have stronger passwords and beware of phishing.	This could be educational	Strangely I feel some friends might think I'm trying to make them feel stupid.
ADF7ZNZA8ON5T	3WOKGM4L71HRV4QSY8EI7KC0T5QO0N	WithoutImprovingProduct	1649	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		People should be brought in and observed in a blind study and can measure in almost anyway one would like. Set up an area and have participant (students) come hang out check email and monitor or record computer activity and mood/behavior this way. I would be upset if I knew a researcher had altered my friends post and I don't even do Facebook However I do watch my kids reactions and talk with them while they are using their devices so it can be done ethically.	every step of the method should be mindful of no harm and it would be interesting to know where the sample and what group is being sought. 			Because no personal information is being collected and the participants would not realize that their activities are being observed.	I don not agree with nor think it is ethical to:  \r\n"randomly exclude some fraction of friends' negative posts" and " randomly exclude some fraction of friends' positive posts" I understand this may be important but those posts may require specific meaningful empathy, sympathy or feedback. I see this as unethical.\r\n	It does not appear unethical or harmful because no personal information is actually being collected. 	For the purpose of research, I do not see it unethical. However, I feel that the student participants should be chosen depending upon the chosen program. So, say if the the research team is independent of their (participants) cohort (assuming that the researchers are student or instructors) it should be fine.  	Because it does not appear to reveal their identity nor does it appear to require and personal information. 
ADGQOL6YC087W	3MX2NQ3YC9VDKKQLW57Q7SZKM8L5XR	Control	809	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		no face book is about making money for its self, research can be done somewhere else		would not want people crying foul about have access to the uni passwords.		would make them more aware of security on the web.	i do not like face book in general	would make them more aware of security on the web.	would make them more aware of security on the web.	would maybe make them more aware or security
ADJ9I7ZBFYFH7	3QILPRALQ5WRV8VJSXRKLAIDMNV8N1	WithoutPublication	744	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		I think researchers should always be cautious when using humans in their experiments.	Sure.				I don't think there are any drawbacks to being part of the experiment, so why not?	I can't think of a reason that they shouldn't be included.	I want to see if people are silly enough to fall for phishing.	Sure, there is nothing that can hurt them.
ADJE24O45J77E	3VELCLL3GKKXWGYHVOZSYVMW6QO1FO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	536	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes						I don't think its okay for scientists to harm peoples' computers knowingly.	This experiment seems interesting and not very harmful. As long as the users are debriefed I would be fine	The information gained definitely outweighs the harm it may cause. The participants will also be debriefed so I would not mind someone doign it	Manipulating people and stealing their passwords is not okay	It seems like an important experiment, with very little harmful effects. I would have no problem with anyone I cared about doing this experiment
ADMQXHMM5ONWI	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46AMIGPW	InsertPosts	369	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
ADNND5O7X30JV	3OJSZ2ATDSXJ55KUES3SDTMWKKI75K	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	731	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	The researchers should have to prove that the computer infected by spammers software is safe for gathering information and that no information from any participant could get back to the spammers.	I think it is wrong for Facebook to manipulate a user's news feed without their consent for the purpose of trying to alter their emotions.	There would need to be safeguards to make sure that no passwords are recorded or stored that could be leaked to the internet or stolen.	I would want to know that there are safeguards on the passwords so that they cannot be stolen.	Many of us don't really understand what security warnings mean and just click through them to continue what we had been doing.  More effective and understandable security warnings would be very useful.	It will be difficult to stop spam and protect people from spammers without understanding people's actual behavior.	I think this experiment is manipulative and I don't see the overall value to the user community.	With so much information stored on shopping and banking websites, having a password stolen could result in someone's credit being ruined.  It is important to educate people about how to create good passwords and protect them.	It is important to learn how many people can still be fooled by Phishing messages and learn what type of messages they might fall for so they can be educated about how to avoid scams.	
ADPVKKFJ886DJ	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5HYT41D	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	480	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	no										
ADQEDEGVPG7R	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7DZLAE	InsertPosts	1757	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	It seems that all IRB protocol is being followed and data is anonymized	IRB rules are being followed	Seems like they are taking care of their data	Data is being protected but I dont know about the ethics	No real risk and anonymous data	It seems that all IRB protocol are being followed	Facebook is kind of played out but it is important to study I guess	As long as data is anonymous and non-identifiable	Phishing seems wrong	There is no real risk
ADTEXOD9096JH	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6WANL0	NoAdvertising	1060	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I don't know how ethical this would be. I would like to stop spammers.	if someone gets a lot of negative posts it may actually affect them emotionally	I would like more research on this. I'm very worried about hackers. 	it would help people understand the dangers	seems harmless and may provide useful information.	I don't know if this would violate anyone's privacy. 	it sounds like some posts from friends or family will not post	it will give useful information. 	I would want this to help students learn about phishing. 	nobody will be put in danger
ADTNOFJHTTB1L	3TESA3PJ31B0YFCNAXM3DDU81CIMMV	Twitter	449	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes										
ADUJUZANFOWKW	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XS08027	Control	435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		Yes, it could prove insight on depression and moods.		Ethical and possible legal reasons			I have no preference.			
ADWVL5DP6RNWH	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGBY1UE	WithoutPublication	1370	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes				Yes. However, passwords are personal and private property of the users of said account. (This is my personal interpretation. It may not hold legally.) If the information isn't handle carefully, it could compromise many people's financial security.				Please make this HIT.		Please make this HIT.
AE0CQ0WI9GTR5	3HHRAGRYX869RYE5Y4XB0VDTW0T9OB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	396	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no			There needs to be accountability to be sure that the researchers do not really steal passwords.							It could cause mental stress without consent. 
AE1HEITQW5XA2	386PBUZZXFYQRPOH7O8WX8N2X5QLJ1	NoAdvertising	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		This study is an invasion of privacy and the purpose of the study doesn't really justify the means of collecting the data.  In other words, what will be learned isn't worth the deceit.								
AE1PUG1H78OJ1	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3INIWHY	WithoutPublication	538	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent				phishing is a very bad problem 				So they would become aware of the tricks people use to steal passwords		
AE4Q706Q1RJXE	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRM5DETZ	UnnamedCompany	513	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes	I believe the spamming is understandable in the way in which we think.	I so not believe their is an unneccesary conflict with this.	It all comes down to the individual and them being okay with it.	Again, with caution is the big answer. Making sure that all parties on board are healthy and ready.	I believe there would be some restrictions with age and health.	Comparably, spam is not nearly as big of a deal as the other options, so I eblieve it would be okay.	I am curious as well as to how individuals, even family members, react to situations.	I don't think that those who have their passwords garnered should be under the amount of strain it must cause of the uneasy tension of not knowing the truth.	I still believe this would provide unncessary stress to individuals who may not want,or neccesarily need it. It's concerning.	I believe the unneccesary stress is where I would be concerned. We all know how people are when pushed with certain aspects. I believe it would be unneeded, but I am, admittingly, curious as to what exactly this research would find.
AE73DZ1B5ELB	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ312312	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	452	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	it sounds like real data of unsuspecting consumers might be vulnerable to the real spammers			real students and real passwords are being compromised		do the real spammers know what is happening?				
AE7LLPX12AEK	3G5F9DBFOPYXWO5LXS7H845PB6AHVN	UnnamedCompany	626	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent				It's important for the security of others in the future.			This seems morally wrong.	This study seems like it could potentially violate someone's privacy, but that depends on how the research is conducted.	It might scare them if they don't know very much about computers.	I don't have a preference either way, I don't think they would be at home.
AE9BDFSTGLXB1	3RGU30DZTA9AX762709BXL2RX7DMJV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	602	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	The risk to participants is minimal.	See above.	It is difficult to prove that confidential information was not somehow saved.	This wouldn't really solve any problems.		It is better that they not actually make a purchase through the spam. The study is effectively protecting people.	It is manipulative in potentially harmful ways.		Any intelligent person should know better.	
AEA6WEA2Z39LG	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHFAYXP	Twitter	1060	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	Anytime deception is used, caution should be used as well.	Facebook just did something like this and it caused an uproar about privacy and I tend to agree so I don't think Twitter should do this.	I don't have an opinion on this I want to share.	If I was one of the students, I would be upset.  So I don't think it should continue.	I don't think it's right to deceive others so proceed with caution is the best way.	It says purchases will not be made so I believe them.  Otherwise I would be against it.	I don't think Twitter should be doing this without people's prior authorization.	I use mturk so I don't want to incriminate myself so I have no preference.	Why do we need to know how often people are victims of phishing attacks?  Will it do anything to stop them?	I think security warnings are important so I can see the value of doing this.
AEBJSF6O35BR5	3OLQQLKKNSQCLJEPQ2LSKDXIO5AJER	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	721	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes						I feel these types of things are very intrusive even without trying to collect payment information they are still getting data that should be private.				
AEKJ8GHMS5ZZM	39ZSFO5CA8XTAFBBG20XOVJLA3KJU8	WithoutImprovingProduct	773	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	There seems to be no way of getting any kind of consent nor is there a way to debrief when the experiment is over.			It's important to know what sorts of things will fool someone into giving their info	There is the risk that the participants would return the hit rather than complete the study. 	There seems 	It seems inappropriate to try to manipulate someone's mood especially when you don't know how strong or fragile they are psychologically. 	Hopefully the experience will give them an opportunity to reconsider their online behavior 	It seems invasive.	
AELOYBHVZFDW9	3COPXFW7XBDBTU9XH11FF4WZHZ3KPZ	WithoutPublication	10767	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
AEMBWVWDFGPQC	3QY5DC2MXRLD5DPFXC9C9XRTHM1UFU	Control	627	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	no	Sounds too nefarious. 	I don't think they'd be allowed; they're censoring information that should be protected by the Constitution. 	It could be very advantageous to the public.	Don't allow the information to leak.	It could potentially scare someone. 	I feel as if this is pushing the boundaries of morality; I don't think I would support this research.	I don't mind exploiting my close friends or family to further psychological research. 	This really highlights the dangers of online security, without pushing or scaring the participant. This is a great idea.	Another good technique, without harming the participant, to address online security. 	This might have an adverse effect on some people. Some are more apt to be paranoid about things like this - I sure would be.
AENKRE97S9TYR	3BDCF01OGXVGMEJGTO9Z7V2QA4DLYZ	WithoutImprovingProduct	453	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		You basically agree to this when joining Facebook. It's in their TOS					Possibly having them be manipulated to feel more negatively wouldn't be nice			
AENW881YO2H8S	3O6CYIULED2FGZBAN1JCDLDTCPOUWP	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	902	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes				The experiment is important but could also make people angry that they didn't consent to it in the first place.	Its a HIT so people have given some form of consent to begin with, even if they dont know exactly what the HIT is about.	This one scenario seems a little too intrusive to me. 	This study actually plays with people's real life perceptions of themselves and things around them.	I wouldn't trust anyone who took my passwords, whether they were researchers or not, the security of the passwords are compromised. I wouldn't want someone I know participating.	It might help them learn something about phishing!	It might be beneficial to them in some way.
AENYUO3MPCYHK	3TXD01ZLD4I37XSQDVDTITU2SYW4UO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	601	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AENZ5TUHU0WK7	3EJJQNKU9R653HO4O82777GMQ0LRHS	NoAdvertising	305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Could leek all your information on your computer					Sounds like it is not a very useful experiment and there could be the possibilities of "bugs"	Still the possibility of sensitivities information leeking	still the optional of security breach		
AERPZ62IAVJPF	3YGXWBAF70I7L3BQR4STON8WLYZC4W	Control	517	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent		The study is unethical in that at no point is it stated that respondents will be told about the deception before or after its conclusion.								
AET0OKGSX6V4F	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3CO3AP6	Control	284	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent					Just to be sure nothing bad happens					I feel it has its pros and cons.
AET2U31SXUAPM	3MD9PLUKKIF6F4W61NRXYUFHLTNZNC	UnnamedCompany	10735	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	Yes I believe that the researchers should be allowed to proceed with this experiment because it may lead to the discovery of techniques that could stop spamming.					I would not want someone I know or care about to be included as a participant mainly because I would hope that they would not even respond to the spam as this only encourages the spammers to continue their practices.		I would be concerned that if a participant fell for the trick from researchers and later learned it was part of a study, they may not be a cautious in the future because they may think it may be another study.	I would be concerned that the participant's personal information gathered by the researchers could end up in the wrong hands. For example, this could happen if a third party found out about the study and hacked the researchers' data.	I think this is a worthwhile study and can lead to valuable and it appears to be safe for the participants.
AEU9BSSWEAVNT	33SA9F9TRXVYR3EOX14793RQQZNEWH	NoAdvertising	979	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I think participants should be warned after the study is over about being careful with spam messages and how to identify them.	I don't think they have the right to fiddle with someone's life like that.	As long as no passwords were stored and/or needed to be changed, I think this experiment could really be of use.	It's hard because it's kind of an invasion of privacy.	This study has great potential to be helpful to protect computer users.	Seems harmless enough and could really be useful.	It's not really right to exclude certain posts; someone could miss important news that way!	Could be important for future protection from hackers.	It could really help!	Helpful and harmless, and potentially educational.
AEUVSGBX8SS1S	3SBEHTYCWN4EWDBA8LCMFFAYT4AIYH	WithoutImprovingProduct	764	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	Peoples private data is being exposed.	Its playing with peoples emotions.		I think its dangerous to conduct research without consent.  		Its kind of a shady area.  Who's holding the researchers accountable?	Words are powerful and can effect people for good or bad.			
AEVU71Z2FDTUX	31UV0MXWNQDGUP1QXJ7P4IC5YV15IB	Control	1725	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
AEXTQK2MXHXEG	3TGOYF991XN2OVM5S14BVXSWR83UUE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes				See my previous answer.		Again, no one's consent is being obtained.	In the past, this has been done without informed consent, which I consider to be an ethics violation.	Consent to participate in a study is obtained, even though the actual purpose of the study is concealed.	Again, there is no informed consent prior to the experiment being conducted.  While I am aware that experiments are frequently conducted in which participants are misled about the actual content of the study, this only makes them aware that they participated after the fact, and I consider this to be unethical.	This study gains consent to participate ahead of time.
AEZO3PW77VG3K	3L4D84MILZTO5T5RG3TY5GUVGN5JHE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	594	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	So much potential for something to go wrong on the researchers end.								They would probably fall for it.	There's no risk, so the person could take care of themself.
AF18OIZ0GWGP2	3300DTYQT2IT76I2LS51HE942XCQET	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1366	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I'm pretty sure this is fraud.  The researchers could just ask people if they ever bought anything from spammers and to estimate how many spam emails they get a day.	It kind of defeats the purpose of Facebook, doesn't it?  Excluding posts, I mean.  I would think a better way to study it would be to ask participants if the researchers can look at past posts and use their algorithm to study the effects of negative and positive posts.			If done incorrectly, it could cause a fair amount of emotional distress.	This actually seems illegal.  I can actually think of a few types of fraud this might fall under.				
AF2GEGHE14TPE	3U5JL4WY5KAVO1MLI0OG20T6ME54X4	NoAdvertising	1645	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	If it can be done in an isolated setting & provided a way to remove the spam from participants' PCs after the experiment I'd be OK w/ it.	I don't see the harm in participants but would compare this w/ results of similar experiments.	Due to sensitive nature of personal data it may cause a very (-) reaction among some participants after being told of the truth of the experiment.	Due to the sensitive nature of the experiment may cause a very (-) reaction among some users.	As long as experiment is not too long. There may be possible panic among users if experiment goes on too long & users may end up doing something very drastic to the PC to resolve the "security issue".	I don't like spam on my PC & I'm sure others would agree.	I don't see the harm in that person participating.	I think this kind of personal data is too sensitive for me & other users to be used for an experiment even if told no personal data would be collected.	I'd consider this as sensitive as the hacking experiment. Passwords are sensitive data so I wouldn't do it.	I don't see any major harm coming to the user but possibly a (-) reaction after the experiment but unlikely to be severe.
AF2TT6Y2HECT4	3YJ6NA41JBHGIA3FZG13EPWM2I2PJK	UnnamedCompany	443	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AF2V3D7ILJUUW	3V5Q80FXIXS95P0KUXY42574V3H23B	Twitter	1635	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	 I feel like there should be some way to inform people that they are included as part of an experiment. 	 I can see the value of doing such research: however, I feel that there has to be a way to allow people to know they might be included in such research, and a way to give them an opportunity to opt in or opt out. It seems ethically problematic to do otherwise. 	 The researchers have no way of knowing who is taking such a survey; it could give  an ill intentioned person some new ideas. 	 I appreciate the debriefing and letting people opt out, but I wonder if there could be some way for people to opt in or out of such research when they sign up for their University email? 	 There might be some skewing of the results if participants do what I might be tempted to do, which is CTRL ALT DELETE out of my browser and run an antivirus immediately, and then writing them a nice email informing them that their study has a virus and that I had to abandon the hit so my machine would not be infected. 	 If that person is the sort that responds to spam emails expecting to buy products, they would not be hurt by the research and would likely be helped. 	 I frequently use social media to communicate with people I care about - if statuses or tweets are being culled from what I see, I might not get important information about them, like if they have just gotten engaged or are in the hospital. 	 I think it's important to study bad security behaviors, so that we know how to better inform people how to keep their information safe. 	 It's important to gather information on phishing, especially among a population that might be somewhat naiive (as students do tend to be.) 	 There is not any risk, and participants know they are participating in a study, and are fully debriefed at the end. It's a little scary, but it's ethically presented. 
AF33681RI3ES8	3I02618YA07PWQE9BF5HLR5XJS3UPC	UnnamedCompany	2030	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent				It's worth it to learn something		I think the learning experience would be worthwhile.			Its up to them	
AF3TLR0FI08K0	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZWEXVH	Control	1237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes			Yes so that they could find out more about hackers and their techniques used.						So that the researchers can find out more about phishing.	
AF49Z1Q86AEXC	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28GOGFM	Twitter	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
AFAHKZJWFFNWO	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKEXP5I	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	664	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
AFAWE4JWR9G84	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8M4XP8J	WithoutPublication	1044	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes, but with caution		yes, but with caution. they should not make it very risky	no	yes	yes	no	yes.i think he will be able to take care of himself 
AFBU3Q76OVHQE	31JLPPHS2UVNCWPPHVW19IA7WD23OH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	470	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I don't know if it's right, but they do it.		See above.	That's what most studies like these are.	Your purchases should be private and not aggregated by a third party, even if annonymized.	It's annoying, but they've done it before.	If the password is created for this purpose alone, it is fine.  If they are finding passwords to peoples accounts, it is wrong.	I do not like that they will use the university's systems to verify that the passwords entered were valid passwords.  Intrusive and privacy issues.	It's manipulation, but there's no risk.
AFDC9A6Z60W2Z	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMMRAZ6	NoAdvertising	5078	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AFEJL4G9L6XN7	336YQZE83VF2Q8RHIY5HWBJMF3HM52	WithoutImprovingProduct	472	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes			Care must be taken that they really do discard passwords and other info.						password access is very sensitive and should be guarded highly	There is no real security risk.
AFF9BI664RJ6F	3SUWZRL0MYE0XOZI6JR3B9SD2ZZE6P	InsertPosts	304	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			No harm is being done, plus this happens every day with the NSA		No actual harm is being done.	This is under less control by the researchers.	At their discretion	This one's a bit more iffy, but it is still at my loved one's discretion.	Same answer as others	It's up to my loved one.
AFFIY0NYB1S43	358UUM7WRZ48ASISBZGVGURSCAJ7RQ	InsertPosts	814	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	indifferent							It seems like a great way to find out how to make people's lives more positive so if researchers really think it will help why not.	If they learn how it's being done they will be able to protect themselves in the future.	Yes because then they would have a safe opportunity to see how easy it is for someone to obtain their info and would then think twice before entering it.	
AFGUCC5L330EU	3DHE4R9OCWCAZ1C8PC5OLZWDZCE2GJ	Control	736	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	I find the lack of candor unethical in the context of experimentation. 	The researchers are essentially tampering with an individual's experience of their product. While I understand that it is being done in the name of bettering that product, one must account for the fact that someone may be affected psychologically by this. 				While I have a problem with the experiment in general, I must concede that the whole thing is very unlikely to affect participants negatively. 				
AFHL8NGBYFWH	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJRHEV5	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	602	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	I don't think they should be allowed to use this information without the person's knowledge or consent.				I feel this is less deceiving because the participant's are told at the end of the study the true purposes.					
AFLDSC2YPB6U6	34S6N1K2ZVKU0JTRJO5BLV7NKCKLHS	Twitter	259	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			Researchers need to take care to protect the information.					It would not adversely affect them in any way.		
AFOLAU6E19OB7	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IFSWHS	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	675	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no										
AFOM7LFBKEFI5	37UEWGM5HT9UZ63QMJZMFK0F9C1R17	NoAdvertising	551	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	I think it is unethical to use this research to better use spam	it is unethical	it is unethical	it is unethical	i feel the need for deception is unwarranted	I think it is unethical to knowingly use a spam program to conduct research	there should be informed consent to participate in such a study and not hidden in the terms and conditions like the recent facebook experiments were	unethical	Again i think this type of experiment is unethical	i think they should have informed consent to participate in such a study
AFOVSBUD0K3A7	33C7UALJVLZOH1OUNATMO35AJT781O	Control	806	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	testing subjects without their consent is not good	The test subjects should be made aware that they are engaged in an experiment		Not telling subjects that they are part of an experiment before they are tested is not a good idea					the idea of verifying that passwords are valid seems like it could be pretty invasive	
AFPSVN8V7JG6W	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3FKKD3	UnnamedCompany	696	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	if they publish results from this experiments and it will help end users to know how to protect their computers as well.	for better understanding of peoples behavior in a social media website.	so that they can educate people and computer users alike how to manage their password properly.	yes so that students and other who can learn much about this experiment will know how to react and protect them selves.	it can help others to be able to know the difference. now in real life situations they know how to react in that kind of situation.	because it will help my friend to deal with this kind of situation where in some sort of hackers got into his files and downloaded so much stuff that he was forced to turn off the computer and smash his hard drive.	to be able to participate in such study is a good thing for a student now a days.	so that he or she can learn a thing or two in this kind of real situation in life.	i have been a victim of this kind of act Phising. where in they got a hold of my email and in my email there was tons of important files connected to my bank.	because he can learn much about this.
AFQ8U3U2E6BZA	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVOBKIW	WithoutImprovingProduct	282	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AFR6SMM1OLXEJ	30MVJZJNHMEVQNN8IR56SZW7XE2J91	InsertPosts	281	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
AFRJKS3Z3H4CA	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHHCYXV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	728	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	People will be expecting to buy things that they won't be able to, so I don't know that this should be the way the experiment is conducted. 	The participants in this experiment won't get anything out of it, and it is very manipulative and is spying. 	The participants will not have their passwords at risk. (Although they will probably change their passwords after anyway)	It's a fair experiment in that the participants will be getting something valuable out of it in the form of information, but people will still be having their passwords stolen so researchers should proceed with caution. 	The researchers will be causing the users to think they are at risk, which will cause them some apprehension. 	I wouldn't want people making false non-payments unbeknownst to them	It does not matter to me whether or not someone I know was spied on in this manner after the fact. 	It would be good for people I know to be shown not to fall for this. 	I'm not sure if the people I know would want to be inconvenienced by having to change their passwords after the experiment, but if they are gullible enough to fall for the scam then maybe they should be a part of it. So I am not sure either way. 	The message may cause some concern to people I know which could upset them, however they might not mind it and I don't know which they would prefer. 
AFS0SI5M6OKH8	3P529IW9KYMAMN2LOYHBIAVA4TMLF1	WithoutPublication	730	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	I think in a properly controlled environment it could still be a good idea.			It doesn't sound like there is any real risk of harming anyone.	Should be made explicitly clear that there is in fact no risk.	I'd rather not because it could encourage them to actively try and make purchases from future spam e-mails.		Seems like it would be informative about keeping your personal information safe.	Since they will be notified that it was simulating a scam, it could help them become more aware of real scams and be more wary in the future.	As long as it's clearly explained that there is not a legitimate security risk then it should be fine.
AFS9PAUCGVKHG	3Q5ZZ9ZEVOGN5JPDOXVYRTIRVB3851	UnnamedCompany	1578	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no	one cannot take away freedoms in the name of freedom	if I told you your mom was in an accident but purposely left out the details to justify the recording of your responses,your responses would be incomplete and steered in one direction or another meaning your responses are mine not yours.	any gained knowledge is good,but there is always the potential for abuse	using public funds to study corporate problems is rampant and unjust.	the better overall good is greyed compared to the negative outcomes	spam is bad but not as bad as someone attempting to control the ability of spammers operating in a free marketplace		I would want them to be knowledgeable about it and maybe teach me a thing or two	bigger profits is the only reasonable outcome and therefore to me automaticly mean it's no good	could cause them to broadly include all/any warnings as a hoax and therefore choose to ignore any further warnings
AFXE92S04IYHY	3S06PH7KSR50YWKL4I42AVJBUF5D1Q	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	527	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This sort of experiment would need heavy monitoring to ensure no one does anything wrong.		During the course of this experiment they will naturally see passwords, so they must be monitored and the participants must change their passwords afterwards.	The researchers will again be exposed to passwords, no record should be kept and then later they should be changed.	I see nothing wrong with this sort of deception as no one is truly at risk.	This experiment is important enough in terms of magnitude for me to overcome the potential moral issues that arise.	I see no harm in this sort of study, so I would have no reservations about participants.	If someone I cared about were to fall for one of these sorts of scams I would want them to know and recognize the issue.	Phishing is an ongoing threat and studying it is important. Phishing is not difficult to spot, so this will help participants learn how to spot such attacks.	I find there to be no moral issues with this sort of experiment.
AFXEVBHK1C6PD	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87UHAML	UnnamedCompany	594	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	it provides information that can then be used to reduce the spam	does the friend know their posts are being messed with?	can't store peoples passwords, etc.	the university must be backing it. others should not have access to passwords, but there needs to be a way to research these things.	it provides valid research without actually harming the person	at least they wouldn't actually be scammed	that seems to be messing with personal accounts.	they may learn not to fall for these things, in a safe environment	especially with the explanation, it would provide a learning experience for the person NOT to do these types of things.	it provides valid research, without actually harming the person
AFZ3OILHAA7V3	3ZOTGHDK5ICRWDA47AX2HQIJOXQOSR	Twitter	576	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	This is too risky. Too much could go wrong. Might not have total control over the pc.	Always need to be cautious	No trust here. Someone could go rogue		See no danger in this one	This is too risky. Too much could go wrong	See no reason good or bad.	No trust here. Someone could go rogue	Really don't care either way. See no harm	See no danger and would be very helpful
AG0V919S78517	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMSFD2H	Control	332	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	indifferent		people should be advised that they may be included in this experiment	would need to be a much more official survey, perhaps not online	needs to be very controlled			seems to be pretty innocent	seems very suspicious to me	seems dangerous	
AG0X3PQK2FWQJ	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8EEAZW4	Twitter	1028	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I don't think it's right that they would not inform people that their security was compromised even though this experiment would be quite interesting.	This could cause problems. People need to be informed.	It could be quite harmful for participants if their personal information was compromised.	It seems a little too invasive to me.			It seems like it could be harmful.	I don't really care that much.		
AG2RELODP2F2H	3NAPMVF0ZWGR6817W91UFMJK0B827X	Control	952	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	To deceiving.	I think this is good information.	It could just be scam.	This is too deceiving.	To deceiving.	This is also very deceiving.	It is interesting to know how others attitudes affect each other.	It sounds like another scam.	This is deceiving.	Too deceiving.
AG4APGK0V3M6F	33FBRBDW6O0844YS37I65ZO1NGZ8CV	WithoutImprovingProduct	158	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
AG5ULLSBMHPZI	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4ESTTHW	NoAdvertising	3966	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	As I stated before, this one sounds like it goes a bit too far.	It's their website,  They can do whatever they want.		Free country.  No harm done.	They can do whatever they want, as long as participation is voluntary.	This one sounds dangerous.  Giving spammers any control could backfire.	This experiment is silly.  Of course what others say can have an emotional impact. Negativity breeds negativity and positivity breeds positivity. If a user does not want to be exposed to negative posts from a friend they should unfriend them.	Same as before, I would not set someone up.	I would have no part in setting someone up.	I have no interest in recommending participation to anyone.
AG6C6WZ1K04J0	3CTOC39K37RRC4ZF3U7ME3512PR7JS	Twitter	301	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	respect the users privacy					I usually dont make unsolicited purchases				
AG6IYL59T2CRE	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6MPNLV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1113	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	See above	As I mentioned, as long as the posts were with permission and were true but the user would not have posted them without prompting because they thought they were irrelevant-ie, the user might have a cat, and the user might not have posted a picture of their cat doing something loving usually, but the researchers decided it was a good positive post to use in their experiment, that would be alright.	See above-I also feel like there are statistics from people who have actually had this happen to them that would be able to help.	As long as the student has the option to not participate at some point, I think it's for a good cause. I would like to add I would feel more comfortable if the emails that came from friends were actually from their friends-ie, people were recruited to join the study and were asked to email their friends the phishing link.	Since there is not any personal information being given away, I feel more comfortable with this study.	This does not seem to be an important issue-if people want to buy something from spam, they should be allowed to.	It's for a good cause, and as long as they had permission from the users and the posts were not going to cause any harm and were true	It is for a good cause, but for some reason I feel more uncomfortable with this scenario.	It is for a good cause, and as long as the someone were allowed to exclude themselves from the study afterward and their information were not used.	Computer security is an important issue, and a good cause--the people are never at any risk for anything.
AG6VD3WGJIT3D	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9UISBPU	WithoutPublication	722	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent			Although the passwords are not going to be stored, I would worry about someone getting in to the researchers system.							
AG9TMTMVJO3YZ	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE76I4SP	InsertPosts	1184	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		There doesn't seem to be any enormous benefits in this study.  Just wasting time and money for the research.	Yes, plus they can make public aware of tactics hackers use to get peoples information.	So they can educate people to be careful not to give out important information.	It's the only true way they can get the most honest actions from the participants.  Just be careful how they react.  Might need to end study and let them know there's no true risk if they react badly.	Doesn't seem to be risk to anyone since no real unexpected people are getting there computers infected with spam.	It seems obvious that others moods affect people around them, seems like the experiment is a waste of time and money.	Because there's no true risk and it would teach them an invaluable lesson to be careful online.	Would educate them never to give out personal information.	Well if they are at no risk it would be safe for them to do and would be curious how they did in it.
AGAFY3SQF6T8O	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OYCQDRB	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	561	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes , i think it would help to defeat spammers.	yes , it seems harm less enough.	yes , it would help with computer security.	i think the study is wrong , however , i believe in freedom of research.	yes , it seems like a valid study.	this research is good , however , i would prefer for a friend of mine to not be included so to be safe.	the research seems harmless enough.	yes , it would alert them to be more careful , after the research.	I think that this sort of study is the wrong kind to pursue.	yes , it would be interesting to see how they answer.
AGC3235HCA3H2	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21CLM3H	UnnamedCompany	1443	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent	The end result old be beneficial.  	What difference does it make if the moods of psychologically vulnerable users were not protected in this case?	To teach those how not to become victims.  	The researchers would be getting passwords.  	To improve the effectiveness of future security warnings. 	I don't see any benefit or the participant really but it could help to stop spam.  	I would be humiliated for the person I cared about if they had a tendency to share negative thought based on their friends.  	I believe it's good information to know and be aware of how nt o be a victim of real crimes.  	This experiment doesn't appear to benefit the participants. 	This doesn't benefit the participant, however, it could Improve the effectiveness of future security warnings. 
AGD5A08T0GIYO	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0EYGOL	WithoutPublication	667	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent				I do not think they should be able to get access to students passwords without permission, or to use students as participants without getting their consent						
AGEY4XT859Y9X	3OVHNO1VE62XTS5TCTDU2P3N7ZBZD4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	448	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	indifferent							It is good to be positive			
AGHUXD9UJZ3TE	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9FZT54	Twitter	491	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	This experiment could be a little dangerous if the researchers lose control of the infected computer.								As long as proper protocols are followed, participants will be protected from actual phishing attacks as a result of this experiment.	
AGMK1DYYVS07L	3ZSANO2JCF8XQ0XB87ECUW95WP1SFX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	10190	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes		I don't agree with this experiment because it is too deceitful and people's moods shouldn't be purposely manipulated for a study. I also don't see enough of a benefit for the research to justify it.	I 100% support this kind of research. As a frequent internet user, I am always worried about hackers.	I think this study involves a bit too much personal data of the participants.	I don't see anything wrong with this experiment that would cause any harm, and I believe the research would be useful.		I don't really like the idea of anyone purposely deceiving individuals to affect their mood.	I believe this study is extremely useful, so I wouldn't mind if someone I cared about was a participant.		The research seems harmless and would help us better understand how security warnings affect the users' behaviors.
AGRVY4IBLONO9	3E337GFOL996ON11BV38DNZBA56NGS	InsertPosts	333	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes					As long as they are not putting the actual participants in danger or make them have a serious security risk, I think that it is fine to 'trick' them momentarily.				I think that it is a good eye opener for people to realize that there are many phising attempt in the internet and it is important for people to realize and be aware that it could even come from their friends.	
AGSIQ2XI3HZ0V	3Z4AIRP3C6EEW2P2VI5E42M3ASBX1W	WithoutImprovingProduct	291	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AGST3CO6UUSF8	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXG9LZ92	Twitter	336	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	It just sounds complicated.  No one is giving consent, but no theft is happening,	Consent needs to be given 	It sounds safe since they never collect the password	It will compromise passwords.			People did not give consent	Passwords seem protected	Passwords should never be compromised	
AGY9APRUPV2JJ	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HZDCQS	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	539	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The participants are not being debriefed or are fully aware of what is happening.	They're manipulating something personal (the participants' newsfeeds) and not telling them what they're doing.	The participants will be debriefed; there's nothing morally wrong with this study.	Yes, because the participants will be debriefed and able to choose whether or not they want to be included in the results.	This experiment is well designed and will definitely help the researchers gather information on computer security without the risk of the Hawthorne effect ruining the outcomes.					
AGYBVLO756BF1	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMYKAZN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	410	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	You are experimenting without allowing the subject to know, which is unethical	It's not ethical to experiment on potentially unwilling participants	There must be a debriefing at the end of the study	It's unethical to not have the subjects aware they are a part of a study	Make sure there is a thorough debriefing along with compensation	They are not being alerted to the study going on, nor does it sound safe	The person is unaware they are involved in an experiment	The people preforming the HIT are aware that they are involved in a study	The students won't know that they are being involved in an experiment	The subject is aware they are a part of a study
AGYZ0GAAUIJZX	30LSNF239UWOVSI3F05R6B9TELSI25	WithoutImprovingProduct	1104	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		No, unless the researchers intend to conduct the experiment like normal a scientific research in which participants consent to participate and receive a disclosure.					No, I would not want someone I cared about involved in this experiment. All scientific research using human participants must require both consent and a certain level of disclosure. Furthermore, facebook activity is an aberration of human behavior and shouldn't be used as a valid indicator of anything else.			
AH0K6UYPTYZRM	3MAOD8E57QBHA9WR053C19Z6DTINXW	InsertPosts	534	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes				I believe this study is a potential security risk and breach of privacy.				As someone who works in IT, I fully support research to improve security. I believe some of the people I know could benefit from this study or its results as they have trouble identifying real warnings versus SPAM or non-dangerous warnings.		As someone that works in IT, I fully support any research to attempt to improve security. Many of the people I know cannot correctly identify an actual warning (versus something that is not a warning or may be a scam) so they may benefit from taking part in the study.
AH12QZGP9S7WB	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01SYTA6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	883	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	yes in a controlled environment with the researchers as the guinea pigs	no because it might give people a false sense of security if someone with dangerous intentions emulated this research email.		If participants believed this was from the researchers, whose to say they would not be vulnerable to an email with similar attributes which intended harm.	This should be done in a controlled environment with the researchers setting up a bank of test computers. Possibly hiring people to use these computers.	it might make an innocent person vulnerable to future attack	because it could open up the person to being vulnerable to a harmful email with like attributes.		It would be hard to determine if this itself was not a scam.	it feels creepy not being told the hit is research
AH4K6U2EZ772B	3KWTYT08704IKQ9WIM42WY4XF8WL5O	UnnamedCompany	507	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent		Thats just an invasion of privacy								
AH4QNMYBTB3PG	3HMVI3QICJT3W7FC0ERGNGTCC5BY1N	WithoutImprovingProduct	799	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think they would not have enough control over the spammers. I think this is also harmful to the people (subjects) they are testing.	Don't let someone be exposed to fake negative comments, or don't let someone be exposed to too extreme negative comments like death and suicide or other depressing subjects to that degree.	I think this seems safe and fine. They are not actually allowing other hackers to steal the passwords; the researchers are just using the hackers means to steal them and would present the data to the participants of the conditions. It could help them learn more on how to keep safer passwords.	They are having it in a controlled setting, and they are going to let them participants know about the research study and conditions of the experiment. I think it could be helpful for the future so more people can be careful and aware of websites and phishers.	They are not allowing the subjects to be harmed, and they are informing them afterwards about the experiment and conditions, so I think it is okay.	I would not want them to get spam. Spam is annoying and can lead to attacks on one's computer.	I think this would be okay but I am not entirely sure because maybe this could harm the subjects in becoming more negative but at the same time I don't think it is that much of danger to those being exposed to only negative or more negative comments.	I think this would be a safe experiment but I have no preference of whether they participate because there is no direct negative consequence, nor benefit(s).	I don't think this is harmful to the subjects, so I am not opposed to the study being done on myself or someone I know and care about. I don't think it would benefit them directly either. 	I don't think it would harm them, but I don't think it would benefit them at that time either.
AH4S22PWE826G	3M81GAB8A0KV036IB13BG63JZ11BQI	WithoutImprovingProduct	717	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I don't think it's really an appropriate experiment, but maybe it wouldn't do too much harm.		It's a deceitful practice, even if it's a university. For example, evem if you call the branch of your bank, they can't ask for your online banking password.	Some people may feel offended that they were deceived, even if they were disclosed all of the information.		It seems deceitful to make it seem like certain people are more positive or negative just because certain thoughts were omitted from the news feed.		I would not want to them to accidentally enter their password to anyone. Even if it's a university experiment, the password is still personal and the person who entered it was still being deceived.	I wouldn't really care if they did or not. They wouldn't be facing any personal harm or giving up any personal information.
AH8PKU0XF24X3	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKAHYQI	WithoutImprovingProduct	398	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	It definitely couldn't hurt to begin reducing spam. I think most current email filters do a good job of filtering it out themselves but more security and research can't hurt.	My personal opinion of Facebook should not stand in the way of what could prove to be valuable research.	Computer security is extremely important in this day and age.	As I wrote above, most people fall for phishing e-mails and having subjects that fall right into the hackers "hands" might offer a bit of a wake-up call for those who don't pay attention to shady emails.	If the average knowledge of the average user were to increase then, in my opinion, the overall need for tech support, at the most basic level, would lessen.	Everybody gets spam, it's not so important, in my opinion.	I honestly don't care about Facebook statuses.	I've been teaching the people I care about, about computer security for as long as I can remember.	Most people fall for phishing e-mails.	It is important to know what is on your screen and how to comprehend it.
AH8S9CQN0TZ1T	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RGXVVBJ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	593	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think it's important for researchers to make sure that the spam is variable, and not all to the same "store" and whatnot.	People can be very defensive about having their facebook pages used in a study.	I think researchers should include asking participants to change their current passwords when they get home, or make them more secure.	I almost think it would be better to have preventative education on not falling for phishy e-mails.		I would personally be annoyed if I wanted to purchase something and could not, so I would not want someone I cared about to go through the same annoyance.	I don't see too much value in the experiment.	I think subjects could benefit from the post-experiment debriefing for the purpose of creating more secure passwords.	I wouldn't want someone I care about having their facebook page examined by researchers.	I think the results could improve people's reactions to security warnings, i.e. make them more proactive by seeing what "clicks" with people.
AHCSD0WVC57AX	3WQQ9FUS6AVPUZ6MP7MBUFIJ5VFB87	WithoutPublication	565	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	I always wondered how spammers made money, I can't imagine anybody falling for that stuff.	Since when is facebook resposible for protecting the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users?  This is why I deleted my facebook when the company went public.	Why do they care?  This is ridiculous.				they signed up to keep in touch with friend not be a guinea pig.		students are there to learn not be unwilling/ unknowing research subjects.	
AHEUMVEI3CBQB	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LU1XUY	WithoutImprovingProduct	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	personally yes. I do not think the experiment would be passed by a review board.	i do not see a problem with this experiment	so they can help prevent idiots from giving up their passwords	actually taking passwords is kind of sketchy	no true danger	it does not matter because anyone who would be a participant in this experiment was negligent.  	the only downside i can think of is not seeing posts i wanted them to see	seems innocent	why am i supposed to care whether or not someone I know participates in a study?	for real this question is a stupid one
AHFTG8IGIMZG1	3JV9LGBJWTFO681DCA3LSCZG0D0OGT	InsertPosts	320	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent		people need to be careful playing with peoples emotions		It would be good for them to educate people omn phishing		so gthat people are aware that online shopping is not always safe	I think its horrible to mess with peoples emotions		That way they can be aware of phishing and what it does	
AHJQDF8PAHVDP	3SNVL38CI4TSZ50TCWF9V4XSIGICK7	WithoutImprovingProduct	1348	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	It's possible they could scare the attackers away	People might post more happy thoughts	It is a wise decision	It will be helpful in the future	People might be more cautious on the internet	That person may not want their computer to be infected 	It might make him smile more	Participants will be able to protect their passwords more	This person may be able to protect themselves better in the future against cyber attack	Some people put any information on the internet they should be more careful 
AHMAH5ER3UUDG	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS6VK5DA	InsertPosts	485	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no						I would feel uncomfortable having someone being able to access my computer.	I don't want strangers see what I post			I don't like deceit.
AHNT97DWEAQUY	37ZHEEHM6WNGRQXQ09FZYWOC6OU37T	WithoutPublication	427	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
AHP61VWZWY1LT	3PM8NZGV8YH2D69JGXVT53UBI88XQ4	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	621	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	unsure	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	just with caution and i knew it was safe. 	facebook should just focus on the social media aspect of their site instead of trying to do all this extra stuff.	just not sure. 	i just dont know, i guess if i had a little more information and i knew it was completely safe.	i think its an odd study.	im not sure. i would feel okay if they did but i would still be skeptical. 	i dont trust facebook like that.	i dont know how i feel about this particular study.	i just dont know how i feel about someone close to me participating in an experiment like this.	i think something like this would open eyes a little bit but i dont think it would do much else. i dont think people would pay it much mind.
AHSQOWJG4HA3S	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C32502	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	206	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes										
AHTZK06G9JI20	3VFJCI1K4Z0R3LTT42KPM74LB1DRG0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	481	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Its good to find out about advertising. 	only if the negative is coming from other posts that arent friends..like from followed posts. 	Very important to peoples welfare when using the internet. 	This needs to be done in order for people to be protected. 	It is important to find out what they can to protect everyone. 	Its not hurting anyone.	because you are not getting all of your posts from people. 	This is important to people security on the internet. 	This is very important to ones safety 	I think computer security is important. 
AHXHEJ3Q3BWKI	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRMHUET4	WithoutImprovingProduct	392	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes										
AHZ8CLA7HUZ4Y	3FTOP5WARFPDUTZVIVMDZOVEUBR0JR	UnnamedCompany	1041	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It does not seem ethical without informed consent.	It exposes participants to possible psychological harm and has no informed consent. I feel it is completely insensitive to those who are already marginalized. It is immoral.	I believe there should be an opportunity to opt out of the study, even if it has to be after the fact.	The choice to opt-out is offered.		I have concerns about the security of the experiment.	Several people I know have emotional issues and would be negatively affected by this experiment.			
AI258R8HU53PT	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WLHEGM	WithoutPublication	716	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	Spamming and scamming purchases is illegal			illegal, fuck these guys. they're borderline crackers	Definitely this is useful for studying how people react to warnings. Because a lot of dumb fucks tend to ignore the warnings and bypass their own anti-malware programs.	Wasting their time and deceiving them			the information collected is too risky and this is illegal	
AI3M000Z13OP9	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMM6AZL	NoAdvertising	941	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	too high of risk of infected computers	risk is too high	risk is low	security risk too high	this seems to be a safe procedure	absolutely not ... risk is too high	too much intrusion on a person's facebook page	this seems safe	I don't think passwords should be disclosed	this seems safe
AI52YSSPQNSIY	36AHBNMV1RDXO2VOG7BBOIUL12QDY4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	669	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes							The experiment seems to be intrusive to the participants social life. However results may be valuable. It would depend on rather the participants knew of the experiment they were in (even if they were misled to the purpose/strategy, it would be better than remaining ignorant of it entirely. Too much knowledge may invalidate the experiment)	May teach candidate to have more care when using the internet.	It may teach my friend/family member to be more careful with such information.	
AI5843WZ2UFGI	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKH7QYE	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	506	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Divided opinion on this one, could see benefits but also severe drawbacks	It would be interesting to see a correlation. 	They should as long as they stand by their stringent guidelines. 	Although privacy has become less of a priority in this day and age, such a phishing experiment would not be enjoyable to the public. 	I think it is important information to attain and would benefit the end user. 	I absolutely despise spam email.	Happiness is very subjective and I am not a big proponent of artificially inflating emotions.	To inflate number of participants and to create awareness of said things. 	I would not want to subject them to such. 	It is important to be aware of such warnings and to know how to proceed.
AI7STHAG9TOWH	3IRIK4HM3ALL0QF4ASL8LLSAHTH6CV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	588	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AI850P4LLVN5O	3DUZQ9U6SMPMMXJ18MJGCICRKO9SVF	Control	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Because they participants are not ultimately informed of their participation, I would have to say that this experiment should not be performed.	As long as users are informed of the study after the fact, the experiment should be okay.	The research should be done so long as any and all password information is immediately destroyed and everyone on the team is vetted.					It really doesn't matter to me whether or not that person participates. It would be up to him or her and since there is no visible risk I would not object.		
AIABF9EBPQ6JT	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X2VHUY	UnnamedCompany	1656	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes			I believe that it is good that the participants will be told that what they have done is actually the ways in which their passwords can be stolen, so it will provide a direct benefit for them.	It could provide useful physiological information about how the phishing is successful and prevent people's banking information from getting stolen.	If it will help to design better security warnings it seems very useful.	I don't click on links from an email and provide secure information to make purchases. I advise people I care about not to do this as well. I see no direct benefit for the individual to proceed in the experiment and people should be warned against clicking on email links more instead of not telling them.	Yes, but only if they were previously informed first.			
AIAEYJ6C87MZW	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AXCFRA	NoAdvertising	740	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
AIC8CB12DQC0K	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLGCG8E	Twitter	1414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Keyword:  Infected computer	Yes, I'm actually curious about the results!	Sure,I think the study is worthwhile.	Not harming anyone	Again, no one is getting hurt, so yes, they should proceed.	The words "infected computer" scare me, even if there is link replacement.  One never knows, and I've had one too many computer viruses in my day.	This is no problem whatsoever, I don't mind at all.	Same answer from the last two studies, no harm done, no problem	Ok, again, no harm, but I also see this as a bit of a "lesson" for everyone who clicked on the emails, perhaps it will help them in the future...hmmm, be more careful about what you click, right!	It doesn't seem to do any real harm.
AIFHXLF6P1TY1	3PB5A5BD0V7HL29EVOMJHQDLAY1G7Q	Control	213	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	All scientific studies MUST be carried out with caution.		All scientific studies should be carried out with caution.	All scientific studies MUST be carried out with caution.	All scientific studies MUST be carried out with caution.	This study would capture my interest if it was published.		While this does not capture my scientific interest (biochemistry), I would not be opposed to being a test subject.	I feel I may have qualities that would warrant assistance to this research	This experiment does not capture my interest.
AIIA778I6CQZW	3PM8NZGV8YH2D69JGXVT53UBI89XQ5	Twitter	381	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		There are more important things to be researching. Not to mention that in this case, if someone doesn't want to see negative things in their feed, get rid of the people saying the negative things. They should have control over what they see.	See above.	This borders on privacy infringement, and a lot of people could be angry not understanding the point of the research.		I wouldn't really want anyone I care about to be involved with spammers.	If you're psychologically vulnerable enough to need Twitter's protection against Tweets, stay off of Twitter.	No passwords are actually stolen, but good can come of it.	It would increase the availability of security against phishing scams, and not hurt anyone.	Results are anonymous, and there is no real security risk.
AIIAYS92CK5HK	35USIKEBNRH4RUCVZIUM1WMMGRZN6M	InsertPosts	200	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
AIKQF0FOLB0E	32EYX73OY0AA83UOO796QM5CK8YRU4	WithoutPublication	298	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	no	People are vulnerable enough in life and this seems to take more advantage	Perhaps a volunteer system for a study.	The data can always fall in the wrong hands.	Its very mean.	I think its ok with consent to do a study.	I wouldnt want them to be used in this manner	I wouldnt want to see them manipulated.	Im not sure actually. It would be nice to show these people how easy this information could be stolen.	I dont want them exposed to this type of situation.	I wouldnt want them to worry about something affecting their computer.
AIM6UIPPVF05M	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO11B9MV	UnnamedCompany	665	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	the person being spammed is being saved by not being able to actually buy anything.	The idea is good but I feel like it's a bit sneaky.	You don't want to scare anyone away or give them the sense of mistrust.		This one seems harmless enough and is just tracking what users will do.			It might help them learn how to be safe online.	They might learn to be more careful.	
AIOJ4BDOSU60X	3AWETUDC92TE13LF47E5TMJ0Z6JIZT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		Too invasive.				Again, this is really invasive, and I don't like it!	This seems like an invasion of privacy, done without users' consent.		Again, this invasion of privacy is a ludicrous idea for a study. No way I would allow someone I care about to participate.	Any sort of deception is wrong- they should be forthright about the nature of the study, even if it makes the results less meaningful.
AIOMJBORIE296	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z7DOFP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	254	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	no									I would hope that those I know would not fall into this trap	Depending on the type of security warning, it might cause them to take actions that they otherwise would not do (such as wiping their computers, shutting down without saving information that would be useful to them)
AIQV0TLQZVZP0	3T3IWE1XG6OVWP0ZBNUWG09559MTQD	WithoutPublication	554	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			It may lead some to be paranoid about HITS after the study concludes.							
AIWD4R8CEKKYI	3U088ZLJVKUZ0DZUPU5SOEPMW23W0B	NoAdvertising	511	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	no	indifferent									While I think that this subject is a important, I would worry that the person I cared about would be upset by the research.	
AIX7KS5LC7C7J	3TDXMTX3CBVCDT1422HUWOQ5UVFI6H	Control	864	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		If the participants are willing to participate then yes.	While the researchers are not collecting the information they could be hacked themselves or spied upon by a third party that would collect the passwords.	The passwords should not be collected and verified.		This could adversely affect their ability to successfully judge an attack and make them vulnerable to other attacks from spammers.	I believe that if more negative posts were presented as a percentage that the outcome would not affect them adversely.	It is difficult to decide but I think that the possibility may exist that this study could be used by a malicious third party.	They have no guarantee that the passwords were protected and could not be used maliciously as the study was going on.	
AIX9J7HVVIXM2	3WQ3B2KGE8H7JZM1QMDWF5VBRT11BD	InsertPosts	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Anything we can do to reduce spam is good.	I think it is important to understand the implications of social media and this study would benefit humankind.	This research will help prevent future password theft.	This research will help prevent phishing attacks in the future and is beneficial to society.	This research would help improve future security.	Yes, I'd want to help prevent spam in the future.	I think it is important to understand the implications of social media and this study would benefit humankind.	This research will help prevent future password theft.	This research will help prevent phishing attacks in the future and is beneficial to society.	This research would help improve future security.
AIYGT8I9PZ9CC	38YMOXR4MU0UEOL9RJL9XFZD9AB6WI	InsertPosts	617	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		I don't think people at Facebook should be monitoring users' posts, nor tampering with what posts the user sees.	I don't think anyone should be allowed to collect people's passwords for any purpose.	It is far too invasive--with the researchers looking at students' Facebook friends lists and collecting passwords.	If the researchers are not exposing users to risks or collecting information, they could proceed.			It could still be risky.		
AJ1DDLEQ3GGE	3RSDURM96AN2G89OC2MVU0C61C7YEU	Control	777	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Didn't something like this just take place at Facebook?  I've seen a few links to articles about it, but I haven't read any of them because I wasn't convinced it was really that big of a deal to be concerned about.		The security department where I work sends us fake phishing emails from time to time to make sure we're less likely to fall for a real scam.	Since the experiment simply measures a reaction but doesn't accept any personal data from the user, I don't see any potential for harm.	This one just seems more risky than the other ones.		It might depend on whether or not the organization running the experiment could be verified in some way.		
AJ2MVQ01570X9	3E337GFOL996ON11BV38DNZBA7PNGF	WithoutImprovingProduct	285	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AJ3CE3PZMTP6	3QFUFYSY9YGEOFV0I6IUWTTZIERF4G	InsertPosts	395	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		facebook already tried this. leave the individuals alone	dissemination risk		go ahead. your purpose is not to harm		this is social manipulation. always bad	making passwords available is bad no matter what\r\n		its a survey. I am neutral
AJ58K1R09B4H7	3ATTHHXXWAPPW8L03PQKW13PRVEXII	Control	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes		Researchers must be cautious not to reveal identities or identifying information to people who may receive the results. 				I would not want someone to be tricked into thinking they're buying something, and not receive it, with no explanation. 	The Use of data based on whether or not it is positive or negative does not bother me. Especially if the information is non identifying. 	Tricking people, even in the name of research is wrong.	People should not be put in a place where their private information has the potential to be comprimised. 	If someone is doing a human intelligence task, they should expect that this sort of thing may happen. 
AJ86CAZX0QCE9	3YT88D1N08Z4M54AJ34821TYC3LK3X	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	4792	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
AJA7TGH14R5JJ	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U01Z4TAQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	512	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes		They'd be playing with people's emotions and that can cause a huge ripple effect					ONLY if the people involved were aware ahead of time.			Internet security is important and deception may be necessary to provide valid behavioral examples
AJB0OAEIYGY87	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDH7T8MT	Twitter	1271	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	There doesn't appear to be any harm in this, in fact, other than making them feel foolish, it might save participants some grief. However, I would consult and perhaps request direct involvement of local law enforcement in the study, to avoid possible legal issues and perhaps create an opportunity to identify some of the spammers.	There are some ethical issues with experimenting on people without their knowledge, even if it is certain no harm will be done.	There are ethical issues with this. It involves violation of privacy, as well as possibly illegal activity on the part of the researchers.	This is flatly unethical, and possibly illegal.	Again, ethics issues. The study could cause subjects to take unanticipated actions which might be detrimental to their property, personal security and safety.	Most of my loved ones wouldn't fall for this, and if they did, it might be a good lesson for them.	I wouldn't want my personal communications messed with, even if they are in a public venue such as Twitter, and I am sure the people I care about feel the same way.	Too much upset and inconvenience.	There are all sorts of ways this could go awry. Subjects are being placed at risk, and there is no way for the researchers to guarantee the security of the data collected.	I would not subject my friends or family to the potential stress.
AJBGPFYZ87SOX	3R5F3LQFV2LOXPWI22RADJFMB71OZX	Control	274	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no										
AJBVOY9O7SKMC	37Q970SNZE960L3318ZR5U5BVGX1SM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	507	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			As long as it is legal					That's up to them. It doesn't seem harmful but could be.		
AJD4ZKMAYK3CI	35DR22AR5DLA653HIMJXSV108KG3X1	Control	1314	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes		Emotional manipulation without consent from the participant or available support/ counseling should participants become unstable is not acceptable in research		I believe participants need to be notified prior to start of the experiment that they can choose to participate or not.	because research participants can agree to participate or withdraw from the study and the researchers reveal the true nature of the experiment at the end.	people have the right to know if they are being part of a study when their behavior is being recorded.	manipulating people's emotions can be very detrimental to the individual person.		I would not want someone I care about to think I was sending them phishing scams (if I was the "facebook friend" that researchers found on my friend's profile)	
AJD5HSZS50NBC	340UGXU9DY221AB5XREGRJUF5QEUVR	UnnamedCompany	224	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no		they should be completely bias					because I think it would help them out			
AJI76D4U5WGBZ	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YTKER8	InsertPosts	451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AJJ42OO4VM3RG	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3GXFYCG	InsertPosts	433	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes		It's just a human experiment with no real benefits.		They would have to be really careful since they will be essentially spying on these participants.		Again, it seems a bit invasive.	It seems quite deceptive.		It seems a bit invasive.	I have no qualms as to my loved one participating in this experiment.
AJKF9KI56S3AH	30MVJZJNHMEVQNN8IR56SZW7XDLJ9I	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	506	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	I dislike the idea of someone being monitored even if no personal information is gathered, but the motive is good and the ends may justify the means. I'm undecided.	I view a person's account on Facebook as being quite personal and dislike the idea of others manipulating it.	It is a HIT which means the individual can choose to participate and it is to discover helpful data.	It seems straightforward, helpful, and noninvasive.	See my answer to the previous question.		The content and results won't be helpful enough to justify the tampering of a person's Facebook account, in my option.			It seems a perfectly acceptable way to handle the situation. The participant is made aware of everything eventually and no harm actually comes about.
AJQ8N0ELFSLBI	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOW6RVGW	InsertPosts	742	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	Need to be sure no personal data is collected if these people are attempting to purchase something.	Going to upset people.	It still seems like there is the possibility of something being recorded that shouldn't be.	They are still collecting information that is none of their business regardless of whether it is for research or not.		This seems fine as long as no personal data is recorded.  I do think that the users should at least eventually be notified of what was done.	As has recently been shown, people get upset when their Facebook feeds are messed with.  The experiment seems benign, but pointless.	It still seems like there is the possibility of something being recorded that shouldn't be.	They are still collecting information that is none of their business regardless of whether it is for research or not.	Nothing is put at risk, so I don't see a problem with this.
AJRIYKEW38JHW	3OUYGIZWR7Z9G42TD8RXWKHQ3AW0PQ	NoAdvertising	549	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I feel this is highly unethical	I believe this would be ok in a small test group.		I have no problem with this experiment as I do not see anything unethical about it.					
AJSOFP0KZ55P6	3XUHV3NRVKZGYUQ6R1P446BQYMYH5E	WithoutImprovingProduct	443	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	no										
AJSTOFYJCC87B	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTQCZU2	Control	688	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes										
AJVBRWY05LQRR	3ZSANO2JCF8XQ0XB87ECUW95WOMSFG	Twitter	513	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I'm not crazy about them spreading spam but I don't see it as dangerous or harmful.					I don't think this is a big deal.	I don't think it's that big of a deal to be included.	If it is a HIT then they are getting paid so I'm fine with the deception. 	It's a bit of invasion of privacy imo.	If it is a HIT then they are getting paid so I'm fine with the deception as it does no harm.
AJVGW8ZY3SWE4	3EWIJTFFVO85JDD34UBM28IMPXGE0T	Twitter	576	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think actually using an attacker is incredibly risky.	If a person suffering from depression was subjected to negative posts, this could possibly be dangerous.	A lot of caution should be had when dealing with user's passwords.	Collecting real passwords sounds very unethical.		Way too many channels where something could go wrong exposing credit information.	I have no preference, but if my friend was already depressed than this would be a very bad experiment.	If the researchers can guarantee that no passwords are stored, than this seems safe enough.	Absolutely not, because the researchers data could fall into malicious hands, especially once people are notified that this was an experiment. Too many passwords would be at risk.	The user is under no real threat so this research is safe enough.
AJWM4B159B8HZ	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIERHYG4	UnnamedCompany	1188	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think this is a worthwhile experiment with small risk.	It sounds like an interesting study and it poses no risk to those involved.	I think it is worthwhile; however, there has to be some safeguards in place so that the researchers involved don't succumb to temptation and steal passwords.	Any time someone is releasing their password is a risk on both sides but I think the benefit of the study outweighs the risk.	I think that this experiment presents little risk. The security of the participant is not really being breached so a little deception will not be harmful.	I think the person's participation will be helpful for others and his/her personal information is not collected.	There is no risk to this experiment. I think it would just help the participant learn more about himself or herself.	Being a participant would help the person see how they are being duped and help prevent them from falling victim to real scammers.	I would want the person to learn not to divulge their personal information to anyone online even a close friend.	The person may learn about how to be more secure when using the internet.
AJXG764HLCCWI	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEP1YGK	Twitter	257	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AJY6J33X1KJNP	3CN4LGXD5XPKO6CVNWAILE0FOIBY4C	Twitter	406	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	They should not be using a third-party to send spam messages.			It does not allow participants to become willing participants until after the fact.		I wouldn't want them to receive spam, especially from a third-party outside the university.	I wouldn't like researchers to be monitoring their friends' online data.		I don't think this type of experiment should ever get IRB approval.	
AJYKTDSCYW6LS	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFED49Q	InsertPosts	394	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
AJZ9HV5VBD7CA	3NS0A6KXC4905CFKEJE28A6KKKZGZP	InsertPosts	558	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent			The study seems unnecessary.  Just publish the tricks you would use instead of duping people and freaking them out.	you shouldn't mess with some one's passwords					you shouldn't mess with some one's passwords	
AK0S8EQHPETZQ	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6JBITB2	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	535	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes			I would want some sort of safety check system in place. Researchers can steal identities as well.	As stated above.		Spam is really annoying and extremely pervasive. This would be a major headache for the participant and they might even ask me to fix their computer.		There is a minimal chance that this research would be used nefariously. I would still lean to the side of no.	They should be informed before the study happens. Chances are they'll still participate, I'm aware phishing happens, but I'm sure I've still clicked a link about it. 	
AK3DXI7IJX785	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSQNLV8	InsertPosts	508	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				I foresee many University students having an issue with researchers accessing their passwords, but I think this is an important study.					I want people I care about to be aware of phishing attacks so they can be more cautious in the future.	
AK5Z0KECW0E5A	37WLF8U1WPR3JORS2526945IMXVK6H	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	553	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	Yes, if they can use the data to stop spammers. 		As long as they use the data for that purpose. 			I hate spam.		Stopping hackers is a great thing. 		
AK86DN5LJDCCK	3WZ36BJEV3H8SJYAS5X6LBE6JCVBTZ	WithoutPublication	12682	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent			Seems unethical.	This seems unethical.				Seems unethical	This seems unethical.	
AKB5SHWIPUHH7	3OHYZ19UGC6NWHOAQABBWQOD2IBOA5	WithoutPublication	830	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	I'm all for the necessary research, but the whole thing seems like asking for trouble.	I can't imagine why not.		It's a little more risky than the last, but it doesn't seem like it has a high potential for problems.	It doesn't seem harmful in any way.	It seems like an awful potential security risk for the participants involved.	I see no harm in this one at all.	As long as it doesn't involve malicious software it seems fine.	While I don't like the idea of someone collecting student passwords as long as they notify them of the project and tell them to change their password I see no problem.	Seems like a better concept than the last without actual security risk.
AKBQ56H9T44C1	3YMTUJH0DSHO7KD1DQNJDX809KA4TI	InsertPosts	1350	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes			Some might overreact. 	There is a good chance that a significant portion of the student population that were included would be offended by being duped into giving up their private info.	There is a chance that some might overreact to the security warning.	This is a slippery slope. Should the spammers realize what is happening, they could launch an attack against the researchers that could result in more damage to university property than the university would be willing to cover	It would be interesting to see how one's posting habits are affected by others that they communicate with	No real danger here. And afterward, they can change passwords if they still feel threatened	It could help push for development technologies to prevent phishing	there is no real danger.
AKC9H6IX5YCG4	3JW0YLFXRTHS830FI1YDV9YQX3AWWX	InsertPosts	706	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It helps them learn more about people.	It could cause some serious damage to unstable people.	They should make sure nobody keeps any password for personal gain.	They can learn how often phishing works, but they should make sure everyone is being supervised.	It doesn't cause harm to anyone, and helps them learn.	It won't hurt them in any way, so i am fine with it.	It messes with their head, possibly in a bad way.	As long as they are notified, It should be fine.	They could lose their account if any of the researchers are dishonest people.	It doesn't really affect me. They won't be harmed in any way.
AKG7VBOY97HKA	3W92K5RLWUILGVLQWQ68J72Z6X45VF	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	446	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes							It doesn't matter to me.			It would not matter to me.
AKI2BFK58MWH3	3DYGAII7PL9X4X7SU6LCBQ88GAGQPS	InsertPosts	1244	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Because the results will be skewed by filters preventing emails from ever reaching the user.	For the reasons stated above.	Such deception, while potentially understandable, is still deception.	While I can't think of an alternative methodology that doesn't include at least some subterfuge, I still don't like the unseemly nature of the study.	The stress of thinking your computer is at risk is great.	Given the prevalent usage of spam filters, I think the methodology is antiquated and unnecessary.	I'm a positive person and would not want someone posting negative posts on my feed.	I have a hunch I've just been included in such an experiment.  I'm not crazy about being deceived and wouldn't wish that on another.	While I understand the purpose of the study, trolling through someone's Facebook page to glean their "friends" just seems a bit unethical.  It could also threaten the individuals relationships with those friends.	Because legitimate risks are so prevalent, I wouldn't wish to bring that stress on another.
AKILHPPL5KFB0	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z66GE4N	Twitter	290	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no										
AKIUVJ5QAHETS	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZ70VXN	NoAdvertising	1365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	Again, I'm not sure if the person buying something would get the product or not since they are replacing the "store front" with a fake one but that would upset me if I ordered something and never received it.  But again, that would come to question that the original spammer should know this is happening. I wonder how many would catch this?	Again, this could hurt Facebook by not letting people know and also people finding out that some posts are not being posted, which wouldn't be hard to find out.	People get very sensitive when it comes to information like this.  I think as long as they assure the person none of their passwords were actually saved and that they actually helped this person from someone would could of done this with harm, then I think they would be okay with it.	I think this could benefit everyone. A lot of people fall victim to this phishing scams all the time.	I see no harm in this at all.	If someone thinks they are buying something and never gets it, that would be frustrating; however, I would also be curious as to how many people click on these also.	The only bad side of this that I see would be not being able to see all your posts. Your friend may call you and ask if you seen their post and you wouldn't have, then it would come out how Facebook is not posting all posts; which may lead to people not trusting Facebook.	As long as they are not storing or using the passwords.  I would rather a researcher steal my passwords and let me know they could do it rather than a real thief stealing it.  This could also help people to take extra precautions for passwords. 	As long as they are not using the passwords to gain access to the student's information, I think this could actually be beneficial in the long run.  Student's and the public could see just how easy this can happen.	I see no harm in this at all.  Someone might worry they have a security threat but once everything is explained, there is no real threat.
AKJ6ZNU0NH3OK	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXNJ3JX	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	481	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
AKKCFV0GQBWHW	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFQUOIN	Twitter	663	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Victims of spammers are getting spammed anyway.  Why not allow researchers to learn something from it?	People are having their emotions played with without having a chance to consent.	I think it's ok to proceed.	Some users will be angry that their passwords were revealed before they had a chance to consent to the study.	I don't see any harm.	I don't think this study is a big deal either way.	This is playing with peoples' emotions.	This is worthwhile and nobody is harmed.	This is a worthwhile study.	I don't think this is a big deal.
AKLV0WIZZ356X	3U088ZLJVKUZ0DZUPU5SOEPMWY0W00	UnnamedCompany	1317	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	unsure	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	yes		Not without consent from participants.	Just not sure if they are getting people's real passwords or made up passwords.	I don't know about asking for permission after.	I think that deception is used all the time in experiments and is necessary for them to be effective. As long as they tell the participants after.		It seems like the researchers aren't getting explicit consent from the participants, like that unethical entity known as Facebook.	Mostly because I think that people would have a problem with typing their passwords in like that. If they were making up new passwords, then maybe.	Not sure on this one.	I see nothing wrong with the experiment because they were never really exposed to any threat.
AKOX5C7VP718G	3ZAK8W07I4FM89APUUQR6Q4PBNE0U4	Control	590	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	The researchers need to be very careful they keep the spammer under control so they don't end up actually ripping people off	I think this is too much like censoring.  If people don't see the negative(or positive) they may miss out on important news	While the experiment may be helpful to help prevent such attacks I think it would make the participants more nervous online			It doesn't seem to be harming the participants in any way.  The only downside is they're never made aware so they may get confused thinking they purchased goods but receive none.	This could harm the participants facebook experience.  They may not be made aware if something negative is happening that their friend posts because it is hidden	I think the researchers acting as hackers would make people feel even more insecure online once they learned it was all part of a study	I don't see any harm at all from this experiment.  There is not an actual bad guy trying to get the passwords and the students will have the opportunity to change them after the experiment if they feel uncomfortable.	I don't see this harming the participants at all since the threat was never really there.
AKU5C16IDUZUD	3VHHR074H3IX7UNF6FJZUIIT6BQ7LI	WithoutImprovingProduct	984	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		Using facebook is a choice to use their services and consent to their terms and conditions. They can manipulate what they like in the news feeds, as annoying as it could be to users, as long as it's stated in their terms. 		While it doesn't seem like it would harm the participants directly, it seems unethical to start collecting data for the study without consent. It also seems unethical to go through a student's fb profile to mine it for into about their friends, with no consent. I would be very unhappy if my university was conducting this sort of research on its students without permission.	Many HITs on Mturk studies are not exactly what they appear. I think most workers expect this. 					
AKWHNC8AXMXP	3TPZPLC3M0D5XW1QWV9GYIFX6EZP3D	NoAdvertising	596	yes	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		emotions should not be played with		it helps combat bad people 	it will wake people up about online threats 	spam stinks 	facebook is going to do what ever it wants, They have spent years molding us and getting people addicted so they can feed us what they like	good way to educate about hackers 	it is good for security and wkaes people up/ paypal did it to me before 	its good research and can help people learn 
AKWQG33M7PWU2	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FN7PZXO	Control	544	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes			Due to the deception					The experiment aims to deceive the participants and I would not want someone I cared about to be deceived.		
AKWYNZ4C2X5TU	3CP1TO84PT2CJ4NO8GMXH25O96H25O	NoAdvertising	334	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes										
AKX5AHSL7NSQF	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28GTFGQ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	256	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	using the spammer's business appearance might violate their copyright, sad as that is	not without consent		not without consent			no messing with the feed!	has no real effect on the participant	facebook profiles are not public information to be used	
AKX5RHHO8BIUX	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKFM9HW	Twitter	581	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	I'm in favor of anything that reduces spam. 	Not sure that the study as presented is worth doing. 	I am against spammers and hackers.  I favor any research that reduces their effects.	I'm uncomfortable with the 'examining Facebook profiles' aspect in order to impersonate a friend here.  			I don't like the sense of censorship I get from this study. 		This feels really intrusive. 	It seems like a good study and it's laid out well. 
AKYRO7QEAPTGN	3YZ8UPK3VTN621556AJB1R6QKJFCUR	NoAdvertising	478	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent								If no personal information is being stolen then the study is harmless.		
AKZ8SFOAI4RZN	3IXEICO792K2M7HFWEGYAVSE57Q6T7	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	3524	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AL16GX3JKE0GL	3TVRFO09GKGRM9T6OSNXOHVH80LXLB	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	416	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent		candidates need to be informed and agree to the research	I think if the candidate was well informed it would be ok.			I can only envision my old grandmother getting spammed.	Facebook already has enough of my information	I value privacy.		
AL1AZW80M0LOD	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D1BM3LV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	197	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AL3U9R1JW2HN9	3LEIZ60CDJ0LQ2SC0D8SGTKXG8U9ZJ	NoAdvertising	184	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
AL9JECXO2GD79	32AT8R96GLAM9IU13W9BGWA86BDUST	Control	1025	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	I think this is a great experiment in something the public should be made aware of.	Way too intrusive.	There are so many hackers out there we need to teach the novice and beginners as well as the experts more than basic fundamentals and how to defend themselves.	These jokers need to be put in jail. I realize the high percentage of them don't reside in this country, but the ones that do, hard time.	Pretty much harmless study. However, I can imagine getting participants that are totally oblivious to the circumstance regarding the study. Almost impossible. So I have the same numbers would be askew	I would encourage anyone to participate in this experiment. I just want to know who is stupid enough to click on these gimmicky things on the Internet. Please I'll participate!	This study is too intrusive. Whose business is it that I share positive or negative post with FRIENDS. Why Does the Facebook platform care?	I would encourage anyone to participate with the researchers. The criteria in the study doesn't demonstrate any risk in my opinion.	Being a victim myself I would encourage anyone to participate. A few years ago I received an email from PayPal that was not addressed to me personally and gave all my information. What a mess…	I have no preference because so many security warnings are so trivial and unnecessary. I believe a good portion of security warnings should be labeled the crying Wolf. But I know the importance of Them, but don't really think this is a critical study compared to hackers getting your password.
ALACVD6D44UCR	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSS7DL7	WithoutPublication	859	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	caution	unsure	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					I don't think it's right to deceive the users by giving them a false security prompt.					
ALBC6517LZV30	3F1567XTNW6CCARLDHPFP08TBBR9QJ	WithoutPublication	1353	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	People who are legitimately interested in buying the spammers' products won't be allowed to. This will upset them, and damage the company's business.	I think lots of studies of a similar sort have been performed, though not necessarily using social media.	Same as stated above; no risk of harm, potential benefit.	They're using Facebook to find students' real-life friends. While it's a tactic that real Phishers use, it's intrusive and ethically questionable, and could damage some personal relationships before the students are informed about the study.	It can be very stressful to think your computer has been breached.		Emotionally manipulative.	There is no real risk, and I think it would make the internet more secure.		Potential benefit to improve internet security warnings.
ALBWOA487QFW5	31T4R4OBOSH44QT9T2Q0RZS6C5U7CQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	695	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	The researchers should inform the participants	It is not ethical. The participants are not aware they are being experimented on and it can have negative effects.		The researchers need to be cautious of alarming the students in to thinking they were actually phished.	The experiment is safe and causes no harm; not informing the participant that their security behavior is being tested is the only way of accurately performing this experiment.		It can have a negative effect on people's lives.		It would be better to be phished by a researcher than an actual scam.	
ALBXPDBTFP1PB	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0X42ND	Twitter	825	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	The benefits of this experiment are non-existent. You will never "beat" spam.		Prompt disclosure of the deception is extremely important.	This is illegal.	It is extremely important that they are promptly told that there was a ruse.	This is messed up. In fact, every one of these "experiments" are messed up and unethical.	Manipulation of people without their consent is unethical.	This study would be educational to any who participate.	This is illegal regardless of disclosure.	The deception is fully disclosed at the end. It's like being on Candid Camera.
ALCRMKFO9CIOU	3IQ1VMJRYTLKPUK4OLSTZ0TO7SH9AM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	224	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
ALEJV7D94ZLHF	3IGI0VL647LUG0IZZEGGIW8D1PSNO6	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	273	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ALGHDQO1LQ936	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKJGYQZ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	437	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		People may get upset about the process		Unfavorable deception 	Seems like this could help the general populace					
ALHRHGWKU7TC1	33C7UALJVLZOH1OUNATMO35AJSJ81Y	UnnamedCompany	365	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
ALK8IERMYHU5J	3PZDLQMM0TMXIPW3NQ95V8BY1KN2CA	InsertPosts	1178	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes				As long as the researchers notify the students that this was a research study.			Unethical experiment because it could have caused emotional harm to participants.			
ALL93FV05T85L	3TOK3KHVJTJ5DFQCJ7ZRMZMN1D2O7H	UnnamedCompany	676	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Same as above...People should know they are being studied and have the opportunity to not be involved.	Caution because you are messing with personal emotions and reactions and people can sometimes be volitile...mostly for negative study.			It could do some actual good for a common issue. 	People should know they are being studied and have the opportunity to not be involved.		If they were someone that would fall for the 'tricks' I would hope that they might learn from the experience in a safe environment.  If they don't fall for them, no harm done either. 		Their responses could be helpful to the research and pose no risk. 
ALN7AC94I3X70	3ZOTGHDK5ICRWDA47AX2HQIJOO4OSN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	988	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	The experiment could upset people too much.	Yes, but only to consenting participants.	They could learn valuable information.	It could raise awareness to a problem if necessary.	It could lead to good data.	It seems to go too far.  Going so far as to order from a fake store and not receive the product or service.	If it increases their negative moods I would not want that.	I shouldn't cause any harm.	It would not cause harm.	It seems valuable.
ALRJNZDNA380G	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9CS5T3	UnnamedCompany	1474	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Although it doesn't appear to have any harmful consequences I can not say that this is ethical since the people are not informed at any point that they will be part of a published study that their actions were directly involved in. It is helpful that no one is identified so that may make it ok.	They are dealing with people's moods and need to make sure they are not crossing any ethical lines.	It seems to follow ethical guidelines as far as I know. The participants will be explained everything in the end and kept anonymous. It may also serve the participants in the future by making them aware of real hackers who actually steal passwords.	They are going to take information from facebook so that they can send an email that looks like it is from another student that the participant know and who is not part of the study. It does not state whether this other student will be informed in any way at anytime. 	It sounds like a good research topic that doesn't cause any harm to anyone involved and the participants will be informed at the end so they won't be worried about anything after the study is complete. The participants are also kept anonymous which is good.	It does not seem that there is any benefit or harm that would be done to the person I care about so I have no preference.	I think this is an interesting topic that should be studied as someone is needed to be the participants. It doesn't seem that it would have harmful consequences that would be long lasting or serious.	The research seems to have a good reason and there doesn't seem to be any benefit or harm that could come to the person I care about. 	While it doesn't appear to have any serious consequences I still do not agree with the method of this research. It would need to be changed some.	It seems like good research and there doesn't appear to be any real consequences so I would not be concerned if someone I cared for participated.
ALU2AH2VRFS54	31Z0PCVWUKGLQ7VKFOLQG9SA0ITT7C	UnnamedCompany	432	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	People like my parents have been affected. I think raising awareness for spam email is important.	Messing with people's emotions can be dangerous.	It would really benefit society as a whole by raising awareness of hacking.	Some people may be offended. They should be careful.	It's for the benefit of society.	Spam email awareness is important.	I don't really consider social media to be very important.	It would really help people like my parents.	Phishing awareness is important.	Improving security is always good.
ALUDXW3IOA47K	3DH6GAKTYYQ0R30K8P08FADOPIFZY0	WithoutPublication	258	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	no	no	no										
ALWFUG27UYN71	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA2793Y0A	InsertPosts	157	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
ALWWVPEHWH06	3DHE4R9OCWCAZ1C8PC5OLZWDZK72GS	UnnamedCompany	462	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent								The manner, which is ultimately deception in the name of science is deceptive in nature.		
AM2LWNW5F749V	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9CDT058	Control	338	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	no	yes	no	indifferent	no						I wouldn't want them to be part of this experiment because he might get hurt				
AM3QP4V914YYA	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSR702O	WithoutImprovingProduct	1024	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Again, This is an unneeded process. No matter how effective spam is. it is not needed for people to survive.	Again, it comes down to whether the time could be better spent doing other stuff instead.	I say with caution because it is still a thin line for a person to have to deal with. It would be good to have them prepared in some way.	This experiment would be seeking quite a bit of information not normally needed but it could indeed help people become more aware and help improve against phishing.	When you deal with anyone's personal behavior it is always a good idea to practice safety and smart responding to the security risks	The easier way to solve the problem is the base assumption that spam is trash and should be illegal anyway	this isn't all that invasive, but it is also pretty pointless as far as experiments go.	This type of research can be beneficial by helping people become aware of the dangers if they are not already and being informed after the fact will be relaxing to them.	This again would help people better adjust their behaviors for a technological world.	This area is one of people being careful and is worth this type of investigation
AM6N8Q3QMD09P	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z6I6E41	WithoutPublication	10699	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes				This sounds like it is in the interest of better security.	I feel as though this experiment is for the better-ment of online security.		It is unethical to include a person in a psychological experiment effecting their moods without their permission.		This sounds like an interesting experiment with no bad side effects.	I feel as though this experiment is for the better-ment of online security.
AM9J8TKM6DYHR	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3XQ6SE	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	2372	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes		I'm not sure it is up to Facebook to censor information. I don't believe that anything should be censored.	Again, I don't like the idea of someone having a password-regardless of their stated purposes. 	Some people may not be upset by it, but I wouldn't be pleased.				I don't think you can ever trust that someone will not store or use a password. I would feel very uncomfortable knowing that it was taken from me. 	I understand the necessity of studies like this, but I would feel taken advantage of and victimized. It would make me even more wary of entering my information online.	I think it would help to increase the wariness of individuals putting their information in online.
AMAOA3GTMDS94	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKJDQYO	NoAdvertising	611	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no		I don't think it can really judge a person's mood. Social networking profiles are just the image people want to portray.		The Facebook thing and sending emails pretending to be somebody's friend doesn't seem ok.						I wouldn't want to scare them or make them ask me for tech support.
AMFF6RV4Z89AP	3LOZAJ85YDELLN7YEM5S9LW82YQX2E	WithoutImprovingProduct	371	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes		no harm	Hacking is getting out of hand.		No long term harms	I hate spam	interesting	We need to learn more on this topic.		No one is hurt.
AMFSEYWXG0XS4	3K5TEWLKGVCXSJG53AP28G64BSCVIZ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	654	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent					There is no danger to the individual.		Facebook should not be able to delete posts that were intended for someone.			This is of no harm to them, so it doesn't matter
AMG9Y1YLBTKIV	3AMW0RGHOD3C10U0EETV7WD3BUQNPP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	5009	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	no	no	yes	the researcehrs know what they are doing so it isnt that harmful.	with caution because someone could be depressed enough to hurt themselves if they see too much negativity.	No because too many people would get angry.	No because its still risky even if its just a research project.	because there is no real danger.	I have always wanted to see how successful spamming is, and this isnt that harmful.	I have no preference either way.  it is very dishonest, but It isnt too harmful.	NO, because people are sensitive about their password info.	No because people are really sensitive about their email accounts, even if its just a study.	because there are no real security risks.
AMIYUC9D85YSC	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW13TIJRK	InsertPosts	1092	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	The experiment is too deceptive to unwitting participants and negatively affects online commerce.	Researchers are using subjects both without their consent and without compensation. 	Someone might immediately turn off their computer at the warning and call a service provider, thereby incurring unnecessary expense because of the deception.	Negatively affects online commerce as long as "spammers" are not directing customers to fake or illegitimate vendors.	See above.	The fact that participants are not informed in my opinion turns the researchers into the real culprits, not the "spammers". People should be free to shop online as long as the "spam" is from a legitimate store or vendor.	This study is deceptively manipulative.	no. Someone might freak out and never finish the hit to find out that the security warning was not valid.	It is too deceptive.	Because a participant may react to a surprise security warning by shutting off their computer and contacting a service person, thereby not finishing the task and discovering the hoax.
AMJ949TOVQLF5	3FQ5JJ512LPBQ9XK1MONBFR4HOWNK8	Twitter	718	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AMLWYWZOMONLB	3M0NZ3JDP1Z2PFQ0XNVB4DFVUDNZ5W	UnnamedCompany	1675	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes				They would have the students' passwords. This idea makes me uncomfortable.						
AMMHCMSVOYFMG	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQZDK5O	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	397	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Seems too dangerous to test that idea.	It needs to be careful because you are censoring some peoples lives.					It seems interesting.			I would just quit the experiment and then I would lose out on payment.
AMNSX3GEWYDAH	3RU7GD8VPOU9HDM5MAAH6QN9YX5SPL	InsertPosts	537	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	They aren't telling people that they are involved in the study (even afterwards) or giving them the option to withdraw their data.	They should have to tell the participants of the involvement in the study, even if it's only afterwards, and give them the option to withdraw their info.	Same reason as above, there is nothing wrong with what they're doing.	Yes it is a valid experiment giving the students to opt out after.	Same reason as above, there is nothing wrong with what they are doing.	They will not ever be told they took part in the study.	Again, there are never being told of their participation.	They will be told of the study and given the option to withdraw their data if wanted afterwards.	This study wouldn't hurt them in any way and would be helpful to other people.	Participants know they are taking place in a study and will be given the real reason for it upon completion.
AMQ2SGE3VBIYA	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U71NVZX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1719	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	no	The research could point to ways to reduce online scams, as long as adequate precautions are taken not to violate any laws.	They might be working for the government again.	It sounds like a scam.	It's unethical.	The false security warning may cause the subject undue stress, endangering their health or causing them to take action which may prove to be detrimental to their security.	The researchers are not violating anyone's privacy, in fact in some cases they may be preventing an unwitting victim from being taken advantage of, or being unwittingly involved in criminal activity.	I'm still leery about scams.	It might be a scam.	It would expose them to serious violations to their privacy and personal security.	I don't want someone I care about to become that upset.
AMQ4EIVAKS29H	3GNA64GUZE5TBNP9ARCYDK3RPGD5QV	Control	402	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
AMRM7PF2HDJCS	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEU2YGV	Twitter	521	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
AMSWIR4J9XEIJ	3HL8HNGX452FLL1CZ1ELD14F4Z4F9X	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	595	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
AMT0E8J2I4J6B	33L7PJKHCGZPQL03PTDWU9O5BBB8T8	Control	568	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent							It doesn't hurt anyone		They are taking someone they trust and using them to do their research without telling them	It is not actually going to harm them, but I would not want them to be nervous or worried about it
AMT1G34IV5P88	30IQTZXKAK7EPD4KZZ1EQX3T5180X1	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	anything to help fight against spam is welcomed	because I am not sure	it is a good way to teach people the dangers of these scams.	people need to learn not to fall for these scams	so they can teach people about computer security	I don't care either way	I don't use facebook so I don't care either way	they need to learn not to fall for these tricks	I feel it is important not to fall for these scams and taking part in it will teach people about it	so they learn about computer security
AMUC6OI4A2GY4	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZBZ2CG5	UnnamedCompany	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	I feel like everything online is fair game so they should be allowed to do what they want/ 					I don't think it matters who is involved, all they want to know is is about the spam and if it leads to sales. They don't want super personal information on people 		None of the information they collect will be used so what dose it matter?		
AMWIBULQ4S8K3	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCIPISC	WithoutPublication	495	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I'd need to read more about it. Maybe see a sample trial.	As long as they live up to their promise, then the researchers are not doing anything wrong.	As long as they live up to their word.	I see no reason why not.		This experiment interferes with the participants' personal relationships by excluding things that might be important.	It's not like the passwords are being collected.	The students have the right to exclude their data.	The experiment does not seem to pose a threat to the participants. It seems fairly innocuous.
AMWORXZGGWQJ1	3VJ40NV2QIOSBDNJWA2SRVE5Q8NTOO	WithoutPublication	680	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	yes			This experiment would be beneficial in showing how many people are victims of hackers. I think this would open peoples' eyes, showing them just how often it happens, and hopefully raise awareness.	I think this experiment would definitely help to measure how often phishing is performed, and it would help, eventually, to educate people about how to avoid it. But, I think it should definitely be done with caution.						
AMY8VS15H1123	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN89TJKC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	525	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes				This seems an awful lot like actual phishing; given the dangers involved, I would dislike the vulnerabilities exposed.	The term security should be more fully developed.  This is a term of art used by CompSci specialists that targets a very specific set of digital tools that fail to adequately transfer into colloquial English.	Too easily manipulated -- I dislike any actual infection of personal computers as this is difficult to isolate and control.	I would like this experiment imposed on my digitally interlinked colleagues as a true demonstration of just how fleeting and vulnerable their personal information has become.	This is a very serious security threat that needs first-hand experience to fully appreciate.  I would never deny my family and friends the opportunity to gain those insights.	This seems an awful lot like actual phishing; given the dangers involved, I would dislike the vulnerabilities exposed.	
AMZKHECCNDIG3	3R6P78PK7KC4J06L8RPKMM53ZXNGT1	InsertPosts	770	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	Researchers are researching SPAMMERS, not individuals per se	Facebook is a business not a scientific researcher					participants were unaware of the research	No giving out of passwords to anyone, research or not	Don't want those passwords going anywhere, including University researchers	To make them aware of security
AMZLTZ4ID1N12	3E47SOBEYQX1TAA5CTUXIOIFQFLCIU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1989	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	I answer "Yes" in that I feel the research on this might be helpful in preventing scams due to spam e-mail.  You cannot help with spam (and the scams) if you cannot study spam more thoroughly.	"Yes" research is necessary so that we might learn something.  There has be a risk taken in-order to make progress!	Passwords often are protecting valuable information and often associated with financial or confidential material.  Again I am going to say if this is NOT studied how can we not learn so that these tricks to steal passwords can be over came etc..	"NO" I do not think you should know if the password was valid or not.  You would be collecting the "password" and then verifying if it was correct or not.  The verifying the validity of the password I feel crosses the line	Again you need to learn what honest results are	I would have to say "No" due to the nature of the experiment.  There is no reassurance that the personal information could not be "leaked".  	"NO" in that would not want the person I cared about harmed and I say "No" with the realization that we need to do experiments like this to learn from them.  I just would not want the person I cared about to possible have personal information leaked (aka why expose yourself to harm when you can avoid it)  I honestly say I am torn between saying no and yes (In the case of leaking info I lean to "NO)	"Yes" in that you will not be recording the "password", however I say yes with caution.  You should then also advise the participant to change their password as well out of abundance of caution.	"No" checking the validity of the password crosses the line.	I would not want the person I cared about exposed to a possible leak of their information
AN1H7SQKQSWS3	3UJ1CZ6IZHQ5O34M2V138KIS7VF5SJ	Twitter	440	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	Maybe there's a way to not infect a computer with third-party spam, but instead use mock spam that's been developed by the researchers?	Sounds emotionally manipulative.	Sounds potentially valuable.	I'd say that they should do so only if students agreed to participate in the study. Otherwise that could be considered a gross violation of privacy.	Again, it sounds harmless, and potentially beneficial.	It involves letting your computer become infected with spam, which is something none of us want.	I don't like the idea of people I know being manipulated.	Seems less intrusive than some of the other studies proposed.	It could benefit them in the long run, but severely vioalte their trust in the short term.	This sounds harmless.
AN1QPOIFVS9LC	33FBRBDW6O0844YS37I65ZO1NGFC8F	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1725	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	It's unethical to use coercion in this manner.  Not to mention the potential risks this could have for those being studied.  A link could be replaced, something could get a secondary infection, a trojan could be used, etc.  	This shouldn't be allowed.  It violates the privacy policy and user agreement Facebook has presented to it's users.  It's also an invasion or privacy and breaks the user's trust. 	Intercepting critical data like this could be considered criminal and violates ethics.  I wouldn't want this study to take place. 	Again, just like regular mail, I believe manipulating someone through email is fraud and this experiment would be a huge invasion of privacy. 	The experiment is harmless and has a good methodology.  However, I believe they are missing a control, if I'm not mistaken, unless that control is how people would normally act doing the task sans security warning.	This again, is an coercive by nature and very misleading.  This could get out of hand fast and infecting a computer has the risk of spreading that infection to others.  I wouldn't want anyone I know to participate.	This is manipulative and could break the user agreement.  I wouldn't want any of my relatives or loved ones to participate. This is also an invasion of privacy and using data in such a way that the average user never intended.	There personal information could be at risk having been intercepted.  Even if the university isn't storing the information, someone could intercept and play a man-in-the-middle attack. There are unsavory characters and this poses a potential risk to users. 	I believe it is invasion of privacy to manipulate someone through email and to scan their personal profiles.  You would singling out people and using information that could be sensitive.	It won't harm them at all and there are no side effects, so I have no preference what my loved ones would decide.
AN25IBDC0DUO7	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C8S502	WithoutImprovingProduct	666	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AN5M6MH47XS8S	3EICBYG644XXOLUBUBFXUPXF3Y6JCH	Twitter	456	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent				feels like the students are being taken advantage of by the university	does not feel as invasive since there is no real risk or information gathered				feels like an invasion of privacy	
AN8HFOLGL5SG4	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRC2RPCC	Control	566	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes		Breaks people's trust	Valuable research	This is a fine line	Same as above	This assumes that the researches are more savvy than the hackers - and are not detected.  This could easily be turned back around to the hacker's advantage	This crosses the line of tampering	I would like to know how savvy my friend would be	I can see some validity, but this can easily be hijacked 	Harmless research that raises awareness
AN9MVFWRCF2OP	3UJ1CZ6IZHQ5O34M2V138KIS7U55S7	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	491	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Doesn't seem to have a control group of a computer with an average amount of safety/anti-virus/spam protection.	Ethical issues of consent, privacy, etc.	Potential deception	Seems very unethical and problematic	Could have ethical issues of deception	Could create anxiety and distrust about internet use for non-heavy users (eg. elderly)	Seems very Big Brother-ish and intrusive on a 'private' social network.	Possible deception but would potentially increase awareness and safety regarding people's passwords	Serious deception - fake emails from real life friends, can't obtain consent from either party, possible identity fraud?	Difficult to comment as it would be without consent - ultimately up to each individual but hard because it would be impossible to get consent.
ANABT39Q6ZAJ7	3WSELTNVR33399TIMRXAQ0U012PTAH	WithoutImprovingProduct	638	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	I feel an experiment such as this is too invasive.			There is too high a level of deception that comes from not only using a fake website but impersonating a friend.						
ANHZC67VWROB2	3GNA64GUZE5TBNP9ARCYDK3RPEE5QS	Control	406	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	no		We don't want people overly sad here.		be careful with the passwords, make sure no one else gets to them.			It wouldn't affect them negatively in a long-lasting way if they were part of the experiment.		It's not safe to have passwords exposed even though it's kept within the university.	
ANIRTJBXLLWKY	392CY0QWG1SYY6XQJEOFZQ6RYZK4IJ	InsertPosts	2707	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes						Because the participants are not notified that they have been the subject of a study - even after it has been completed.	Facebook is not the same as a university-based research project, and will not let the participants know about the experiment or give them the opportunity to opt out.	Because the researchers follow up with participants and disclose that nothing was actually stolen / compromised, I would be comfortable.	It seems like all the necessary precautions are being taken.	
ANJGSRS82U64O	3VA45EW49NOR2TBAURIILPVAYP9O1N	InsertPosts	5868	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes										
ANJQRMXHJ8POM	3IFS6Q0HJIKH0RZ19FKXXTMXCJ9SI8	Twitter	283	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	unsure	no	no	no	no	no										
ANK33FJKQ57WF	3NL0RFNU0FOP41NEJH9RC6L4Q5EK4J	InsertPosts	696	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	I think of spam as emails, etc. The description mentions "infection", which sounds like malware or a virus, which I think is more malicious and probably shouldn't be used by researchers.	People use facebook to keep up with friends and family. It seems unethical to me to change what they can learn about their friends and family for an experiment they never agreed to participate in. What if a friend had gotten cancer and facebook had hidden that information from you? What if a family member got engaged and it was hidden from you?		I am very concerned about the fact that the experiment accesses the test subject's facebook for personal information and that it will confirm the passwords entered were valid. It seems an unnecessary step and means the researchers have a list of not just likely correct passwords, but confirmed passwords.						
ANK8K5WTHJ61C	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHJKAQQ	WithoutPublication	6311	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	With the increasing technology and on-line services and activity of our era, it is critical that studies address some of the serious technology issues known.  As the article mentioned, real scammers will most likely not contribute honestly to any study interviewer, so this is a logical step. AS long as true safety features and protocols are in place, there should be little to no harm to any of the participants.	It is a good study topic, however I think it just needs some other safety protocols or other way to measure. (although many people these days don't seem to care who gets access to their Facebook info).	I don't believe it is a secure system to allow strangers to enter personal information.  I am sure there is a certain amount of possibility that even the AMTURK site could be hacked and information stolen.	It is a controlled experiment with no known harm to the participants.  IT is a much better venue for a lesson than a real life phishing mistake.	The study needs to be safe in that it will not actually collect any personal passwords or banking info, etc.	It is being performed in a controlled environment with monitoring and blocks from actual purchases being made.  	I don't think I would advocate anyone allowing even more permissions to people and organization to access their personal Facebook page and information. I ma not sure how you could protect all the data.  I would say no.	In my opinion, the actual safety and security of information given via a HIT even under the premise of a "study" does not mean it is safe.  I would not support being a participant in the study.  Although it could be a good test to see if the person will think before just handing out their email or password. This is just not the place for that type of experiment due to safety and protocol concerns.	Yes, I think it would be a good experience for anyone to participate, as it is a strong test if one is willing to click unknown sites or provide personal data just because it appears to come from someone they know.	It sounds to be an okay study of the there is no personal information offered.
ANMXMEB55AGM6	3ZPBJO59KP2B275Z677N2IZIBZVDH9	Control	2393	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes							I'm curious.	This is a learning experience everyone should take part in.		It's a learning experience everyone should be a part of.
ANOQ07C1UTW7Y	31LM9EDVOLTGFPR2J1OBA0RR2YINJT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	300	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
ANQ1L4JGRLPQ9	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KRPSEO	WithoutImprovingProduct	1480	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	I don't think it would be ethical for researchers to stop someone from making a purchase, even if that purchase is made from a spam ad. Also, allowing slam from your computer is not much different from being the person who originates it. The whole thing sounds ethically iffy.	It is unethical to secretly manipulate people's emotions. 	The researchers are in fact stealing people's passwords, even if they don't use them.	This experiment forces some sort of self-awareness on a person that they might not want.	It provides useful information and will be used to help society.	I would not want them to be spammed, and if they are and decide to make a purchase, I don't think researchers have a right to intervene.	This is highly invasive. Manipulating people's emotions like this without their knowledge is just wrong.	I don't think it right to force someone to participate in this kind of experiment without some form of consent.	It does not seem right to trick someone like that, even for a good cause. I'd not want anyone I care about to be forced to participate in research like this without knowing they were in an experiment. 	It is valuable research and the deception is harmless. I think anyone I care about would be glad to participate.
ANS7S6PUWTLF7	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4LGKSP	UnnamedCompany	372	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It could be the introduction of unwanted emails			don't know the outcome of the experiment is worth it	There is not risk here - okay to proceed.	I do not want any spam in my emails or introduce any new spam into my emails	It is not something I would like to be involved in		phishing can lead to dangerous results	It would interesting for me to find out how I would react to this scenario - I think I would act appropriately.
ANV8C2DATCAPB	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19XWRDPC	UnnamedCompany	578	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	no		I feel it's pointless	It's necessary information needed				Doesn't seem that important	So they know if they'd fall for the tricks or not		Would be a pointless study. If they return the hit because of a pretend security issue you'll only get data from the ones that continued through the security risk
ANVAFB99K5RKP	3K772S5NP8CGUDJZ22I780H3BDIEHT	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	667	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	This is not much better than anything scammers do. It is deceptive and will not result in much research results that could be put to good use.	I do not think researchers should be allowed to proceed because adding random positive posts is deceptive and invasive to the participant's private social life.	The researchers may be able to help inform the public in the future about password theft, which will help society. Thus they should be able to proceed.	This seems very invasive. Plus real password information will be captured and potentially stored, which is a security issue all it's own.	The research is meant to ultimately help consumers in the future by helping them avoid security risks. There will be no harm to participants and they will likely learn something by participating, which is all good.	I would not want someone I cared about to be deceived in this way. Plus they may get frustrated by the fake store front and would not appreciate that.	I would not want my friend/family member's personal Facebook feed violated and altered in this way. It's too invasive.	Hopefully the person I cared about would learn more about password security through participating (after the debriefing). Thus I would want them to learn so they could be more secure in the future.	The person I cared about would feel manipulated and used. Plus his/her password would be potentially compromised by the researchers (and who knows if they are trustworthy).	Through the study, the person I cared about could learn more about warnings and know to be on the lookout for them in the future.
ANWQ0D85SVO6F	3F0BG9B9MPOH7TUEPU8POQKPFM4Y73	WithoutPublication	408	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	People in the survey need to be aware 	The person is not giving any information but there is slight manipulation	They can not overstep their bounds	This seems unethical	The results need to monitor what the person does after to insure no harm is done	the people in the survey should be aware	There is no information taken from the user	no data stolen but still shadt	This is fraud and shady	The person will be manipulated but no info is taken
ANYMF6A85Z2IM	34BBWHLWHACA78GATKUYUIPIIW0IW8	WithoutImprovingProduct	773	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	While I can see the purpose of such a study, it sounds risky to me, and I would not want to participate.	I don't see a problem with changing newsfeeds slightly, for a brief amount of time.  I don't agree with major changes to the newsfeed over a long period of time, though.	As long as passwords truly are not being collected, stored, etc., I don't see a problem.	I would want to be sure that the university protected the passwords they collected, and that the students whose passwords were collected would be advised to change them.	This study does not seem like it would adversely affect the participant in any way.	Even though no payment or personal information would be collected, this seems riskier than the other experiments described, and to be safe, I wouldn't want someone I care about to participate.	Facebook seems to include/exclude certain posts from users' newsfeeds anyway, so this doesn't seem like it would cause a major disruption.	I would not have a problem with someone I cared about participating, but I wouldn't go out of my way to make sure they were included.	I wouldn't have a problem with someone I cared about participating, but I wouldn't go out of my way to have them included.	I would not have a problem with someone I cared about participating, but I wouldn't go out of my way to make sure they were included.
ANZKTE853UXSD	3B1NLC6UGZX6R8DERAG0HC46ALYGPA	Twitter	464	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
AO0RE4GJWPI2	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA278I0YP	InsertPosts	224	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AO2I2FICHDBIQ	3YDTZAI2WXHNY01SB7397RP5H0L419	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1880	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	yes	Yes because it does not seem harmful to anyone.	There could be people who become angry at Facebook because of the exclusion of some posts.	They essential would be hackers gathering passwords and its just their word that that they will not use the passwords for anything else.	They should be able to provided that they actually do inform students that they have their passwords.	I am doing one right now and it is not bad.	This experiment does not seem harmful to the person I care about and since spam is a common thing, I would assume that my friend would know whether or not to believe the spam.	I think it is an interesting study and I do not think it is harmful to the person I care about.	I would not want my friend to fall victim to a hacker stealing his or her passwords even if the researchers are not actually taking the passwords.	If my friend fell for the scam and provided his or her password, this would hopefully be a good lesson in avoiding scams like this.	Seems just like the HIT I am currently doing.
AO3G0I48QS0Y6	3VZLGYJEYLBBRYAA3TE6WW6FNCNXZU	WithoutImprovingProduct	2436	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	They are sending out spam to random people. In a way it's worse to use an infected computer, because presumably a group of researchers would be more ethical in choosing who to send spam to than the spammer is.	Who is going to stop them? Facebook doesn't have to be ethical. Perhaps they might want to refrain from publishing the results, though, assuming they can find a journal with relaxed enough standards to accept their research.	It would be good to have someone who makes sure that no passwords are actually stolen (nothing is stopping a researcher from also being a criminal, after all.) 	Conducting research on people who didn't consent to participate is probably unethical	The researchers may wish to consider the consequences of a truly convincing security warning: people are likely to turn off the computer, scan for viruses, and generally not complete the HIT...	How is subverting an infected computer different from just sending the spam themselves?  It's not. Also, there is an ethical issue with how they treat the spammer, who, after all, may have put a lot of work into the botnet they are running.	Facebook users have not generally consented to have their data used in research recently (like within the past year). There is potential for great harm (I have friends who seem to be on the knife edge of suicide, for instance, I would not want too many negative posts to push them over the edge.) The value gained from the experiment is minimal water is wet kind of stuff. The research consent was hidden away in terms that most people don't actually read anyway.	If they aren't stealing the passwords, and they consented to take part in a blind study, fine. The actual harm it could cause is minimal	Seems completely unethical to perform actual phishing attacks on students who didn't consent to be part of the research. Even if you later go "oh, we were just kidding". Could you not at least get their consent to participate in a research experiment first?	I don't care if loved ones participate in ethical research. The deception doesn't bother me, because in a HIT you know you are taking part in an experiment, and that kind of deception is par for the course. I often do HITs where I have no idea what they were about, which is fine by me. 
AO3NZXSI6KQSZ	3N8OEVH1FRRCYLIB0TGTXL8IR8OOOV	WithoutPublication	616	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AO3XB5I5QNNUI	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XPD215	UnnamedCompany	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
AO63KMU3PGNJA	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOBWFLQH	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1720	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	yes	This is another case that sounds very interesting.  I like that the data can be gathered safely, and no actual payment information will be collected.	Only if it's university researchers, not Facebook researchers.  Facebook has too much of an agenda.	I would prefer if they collected hypothetical passwords (passwords developed specially for the study) rather than their own true passwords.  It would seem to risky otherwise.	It could be tricky if the person truly believes the link is from their friend.  But it would also be interesting to see how people responded to the links.	I'm very curious to see how people would respond.	It sounds like important research, and I think there are enough safeguards, and the planning is intelligent enough that it would be appropriate.	It would be one thing if a university wanted to study this topic.  But I don't like the idea of Facebook getting any more immersed in people's personal lives than they already are.	Even though the researchers have good intentions, I'd still be nervous that the person's password information would be floating around.  I would worry that they would be in a situation in the future where they wouldn't be able to determine someone's intentions.	I don't like the idea of the researchers collecting personal information on the person's friends in order to deceive them.  I would prefer if the student knew at least to some degree that they were going to be part of an experiment.	This sounds like an interesting way to measure reactions, without actually having someone's personal information or passwords tied up in the research.
AO79D0QW1KZR4	3W8CV64QJ20ZZHSIUR2LGMGSKICH90	Twitter	479	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
AO7H8NCBCZMFP	3BGYGHDBBXLKK741QXKZJV2CP2G22P	InsertPosts	438	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AO9W3XGPFLD6P	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO10R9M9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1391	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AOCBOJPUO99QG	3LRLIPTPEQA46Q3VSIJIP974IFQKAA	NoAdvertising	720	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes							I don't see anything wrong with it			
AODPLPB622CBE	3K9FOBBF2HKMAFF2MM0OQF4J6NVNL3	WithoutImprovingProduct	3462	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AODPVTKUSNBUT	3L6L49WXW0YMMI2BCU5LAH2MTL154D	NoAdvertising	667	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no	it seems like valuable research 	facebook should not hide any of my friends statues	I feel it may be needed but i don't like the lying 			it doesn't sound to bad but it's a bit confusing so i would need more info 		i wouldn't want someone I liked being lied too 	to much lying involved	again i don't want people i care about being lied too
AOG0BC9JYJHNV	3KIBXJ1WD5VT8UXW21O0Q4R97XUKOB	WithoutPublication	225	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no						Not ethical.				
AOGFK82SQRJY7	3570Y55XZPK00M5FIXCJU3XIEQGGYJ	WithoutImprovingProduct	746	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		The only way they should be allowed to continue is find a way for group consent.		Same as above.	See above.		This would require non-consent participation and so would not be ethical to conduct in this manner.		This requires opting in others without their consent, namely using the Facebook friends email.	There will be an issue with returned hits due to the security warning. How will researchers distinguish this group from others who have returned the HIT for other reasons. Secondly, participants will not get paid for returned hits which creates another dilemma if there responses are meant to still be used.
AOGT0KZDUX8CC	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D1AP3LW	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	236	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AOHQSD0GH8HTE	3E13VNJ1NNWH6707WW5D1SZOMF3I1D	InsertPosts	496	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Just have to be careful because some people can be very sensitive. 					Wouldn't make a difference to me. It seems like there would be no harm done so I wouldn't care either way. 	Don't care either way. 		
AOIT11QP5Z83X	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0D6TPS	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	476	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It would really provide insight to the effectiveness of SPAM, I think.	It would provide a good deal of data.	Of course if everything is done with the law and Amazon TOS in mind.	Of course while still following all applicable laws.	Considering nothing harmful would actually happen, I do.	I think that it is a neat experiment that could open many doors.	Facebook doesn't bother me nor do I care to follow it often.  I might suggest this briefly to a friend, but nothing else.	I am still convinced that projects like this would benefit given the outlines.		It seems like an interesting experiment to run.
AOJ22FHC6NEGP	3ND9UOO81K3CX9OGENRBMYHAZZFLW8	WithoutImprovingProduct	318	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	no										
AOJZU4ACN5OTZ	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU4IHWP0	WithoutPublication	299	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AOLFXWNS32XOE	373ERPL3YO9V8QFZO2JWLQJA1XSRTK	WithoutPublication	435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AONJLTBODD2WN	3QAVNHZ3EM5FQWLDDIVJ49KJ7OSALI	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	648	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I dont think its 					I wouldnt want thrm to experience this negativity.			
AOODZD9KNUFJ3	3TYCR1GOTCKGR4TLPABIL2BSG1HLZW	Control	530	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										
AOPP2V6ALNOE0	3IX2EGZR7BK1UNJUC85SJKW13Z5JRJ	UnnamedCompany	813	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	yes		Consent is an extremely important part of the research process. Manipulating people's social media accounts without their permission is inherently unethical!	I have issues with the fact that although the researchers say they would not use the participants' passwords, they could easily steal the participants' passwords. It's ethically fraught.	This is way too manipulative. Going through people's information for research is extremely troubling. Also, the findings would benefit phishers which is inappropriate for research.	Deception in any research can be a risk, but with the right precautions it can be completed in an ethical manner.	I have issues with the way this study is being enacted. There is far too much deception and opportunities for power to be misused by the researchers.	The summary said nothing about debriefing participants or getting their consent. This feels manipulative.	I have issues with the fact that although the researchers say they would not use the participants' passwords, they could easily steal the participants' passwords. It's ethically fraught.	This is way too manipulative. Going through people's information for research is extremely troubling. Also, the findings would benefit phishers which is inappropriate for research.	Appropriate measures have been taken to debrief participants.
AOPXFWTI9SCK8	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0OS2NJ	NoAdvertising	834	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
AOR52VGE5OVDO	3907X2AHF06GCE57SVVBF8A503VP24	UnnamedCompany	877	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	spam sucks and people fall for it	It sure would be nice to have someone trying to protect my well-being	those passwords entered may be passwords used for bank account etc.  how is this information going to be protected going forward?  are the participants going to be advised to change these passwords?	How many people are ignorant to the schemes of people?  Some people are both ignorant and overly trusting.	I hope that the people who accept the HIT will be compensated the same	don't know if it really matters	I am an individual who has suffered on social networks because of personal issues and negative emotions affected by the posts of others.  	doesn't matter	I guess it really doesn't matter who does it	does it matter?
AOVG0S0BE5AOW	3UXUOQ9OKEYGBBWB9OU9L42ICT7A77	Control	930	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	I think the above plan sounds sorta sketchy.	I don't like this weird manipulation.	I'm a little concerned, but I think the study should go on.	Too personal.	They can learn a lot from it, but they need to be careful.	I don't like this, and not sure why.	I don't like this one either.	It sounds like a very interesting study.	Sounds too personal.	Again, it sounds very interesting.
AOW8XHXW76DSF	33LK57MYLT63VHOB9J8JXOPN8SMSZ8	InsertPosts	669	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	caution	yes	indifferent	no	no	indifferent				It is just too unethical of an experiment even if it is for a good cause.						
AOX7F6FC95E5W	3ZQIG0FLQEHFTE0ASRTH97FCQXLWV6	InsertPosts	399	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AP08PYUMRQH1F	3IRIK4HM3ALL0QF4ASL8LLSAHM4C6A	NoAdvertising	2465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Yes, it would be interesting to see what happens when the people go onto the special computer. See if they really try to purchase anything from the spam. I don't I just find spam irritating.	Only if I was asked to go into my page. and if I ok it. Otherwise I would have to say, 'No'.	We all should be aware of ways and how hackers get our passwords. If this research is not harming the person or the computer performing the HIT please do it.	They need to find how better to control phishing. This is a good way to do it since technically noone or their computer is harmed.	Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to find which system affects people more. Which system would work betteraccorrding to how peopel eract to it.	Any research that looks at controlling spam is importasnt and nneds people to participate in the study. There is no harm to that person. But I think it would be really difficult to get that person on the computer with the spam and relealize that there isn't something strange going on.	Facebook can't be going into people's accounts and erasing positive or negative posts. It's bad and not ethical. I might agree if I'm notified that this was happening and they get permission to go into my Facebook page. But otherwise\r\nI would think that was unrthical.	If they are   used for scientific knowledge and their is no harm to them or their computer I say ,yes. I would love to know how hackers get personal passwords. I think this would be benefical research. 	I think phishing is terrible and would do almost anything to stop it. Or learn more on how to combat it or be able to identify it. I don't think it's unethical to go into someone's friend list on Facebook and do phishing research.	There is no harm and they will be assisting researchers in their computer warning systems and have them make better commputer warning systems that people would actually benefit from.
AP0A2XBW34SZJ	34S6N1K2ZVKU0JTRJO5BLV7NKHJLH1	InsertPosts	1176	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AP0HZEHQWJ4TG	37W3JXSD669WX8VFX2G1G6J68LIYWQ	UnnamedCompany	588	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes						There is no harm in this study if they are not allowed to purchase.	If it was temporary, that's fine. I want to see all posts on a normal day, if this goes on for a long time, it takes away the point of FB.	I'm sure you're storing the passwords this person entered, what if that system was hacked?	They should not be tricked into revealing their passwords in case your system is not secure itself.	They are in no danger, it's fine!
AP0W0MDJE80T5	31UV0MXWNQDGUP1QXJ7P4IC5Y5B5I5	Control	577	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Anything to educate users about phishing is good	Selectively removing posts without first telling people of the experiment is wrong in my opinion	Anything to improve the security savvy of users is good	Yes provided a warning was published in advance	Anything to improve the education of users is a good thing		The survey randomly chooses who has their posts withdrawn	Great education!	AS long as he/she was advised of this beforehand	This will serve as a great warning to users selected
AP1C3ZE41AMH1	3LKC68YZ3A4K3URDRF73EFL4U3BWOP	WithoutImprovingProduct	9297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AP37QQ9AABSY9	32XVDSJFPZYARB8U0F3JY4GAVY6M2R	Twitter	808	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent		I'm not sure because I wonder if the participants would know they have tweets hidden from them? 	Just as long as no actual passwords or personal information is recorded. 	I don't see any disclaimer that passwords won't be actually recorded. 	I think this would be interesting survey. But I wonder if participant would just return the hit and close the survey if they were "informed" there was a security risk. 	This seems too messy and complicated to get right without having personal information accidentally getting out.	Again this doesn't harm anyone, so I guess I would leave it up to my loved ones to decide if they want to participate. 	Yes, since no actual PW would be recorded. This could teach them a helpful lesson with being careful with phishing sites. 	Same as the previous one. It could be a helpful lesson. 	I wouldn't be able to tell how positively or negatively it will affect any of my loved ones, but they'd be in no real danger, so I have no preference. 
AP4GZPOHL5IW	36NEMU28XFEW3R61EZSQMBWZZD8WM6	Twitter	1058	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	no personal hazards are present, except the annoying spam mail	this experiment could have some negative results	again, this is a matter of personal invasion. people tend to only have a few passwords they use constantly	some passwords are multifunctional, and they could violate the privacy of the participants	There is no harm that would come to the participants	Most people can recognize spam nowadays	This would be an interesting study to participate in	this would be very educational to learn, and could prevent future hacking	a lot of my friends and family are unaware of these scams. It would open their eyes to what could happen	Knowing what to look for in internet security is important
AP7BOM5KUH8KV	3WMINLGALB4MNSR7052K1QUWD7YAC6	WithoutImprovingProduct	1600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes		Seems mostly harmless	No messing with passwords	No way should you impersonate anyone	The risk is minimal		I don't care about facebook	Passwords are sacred	Leads to lack of trust	The risk is minimal
AP8OG80OLCCMC	3DR23U6WE5F6ZMAU2WZWMJKRM6XTE0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	332	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes										
AP94KJDVYFL4B	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7HBH838	Twitter	234	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
APB2WO5F0WKDH	3PWWM24LHSZV6M6Q6ET0TMFFBP1821	WithoutPublication	9124	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
APC3ZEQD9J2WU	33CID57104UF6BMS43G9H16D1FU3LB	Control	626	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
APDZX0GWOK1GG	3DPNQGW4LLGI5M2PHDFQ2NGMPCR46Z	WithoutPublication	387	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think they should tell the participants							I would be interested in their results		
APF6OZ879PRR4	3TR2532VIPV884LAKK2U8P5579XJ6L	InsertPosts	777	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	They need to be careful not to take advantage of the study participants.	As I said, it seems to breach ethical rules about privacy and coerce people into being part of studies.	As long as there is some verification and proof that they are not storing the password information, it should be safe.	The researchers could gain information that they shouldn't have access to. It worries me.	It feels legitimate and necessary.	Although the research is necessary, I just wouldn't want someone I cared about to be fooled like this.	This feels like it is interfering with people's moods. Also, it feels invasive of people's privacy and of people who have not agreed to be part of a study. 	Even though this is similar to the first scenario, the fact that at the end the researchers reveal what they're doing to the participants makes me feel better about it. The participants will be savvier to real hacking attempts after that.	This feels somehow like taking advantage of people. Even if it's for scientific purposes, it just give me a bad feeling.	The researchers reveal their true purpose at the end of the study. Participants voluntarily take part.
APFNC80RGBQNK	3TVSS0C0E110GMWLNWT28PRRT95TWH	Twitter	606	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	It seems like a violation of privacy to me.	It seems manipulative, and most users would not like this if they were aware it was happening.  You need permission to do a study like this.	Yes, but absolutely make sure the participants' privacy is protected.	I can see many instances where this violates student privacy.	I see nothing wrong with this study.	I don't see how a participant would gain anything useful from this.		I think the participant could learn a valuable lesson about internet security.	This seems wrong to me.	I think it's a good study.
APGSB0953HB10	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGE61US	WithoutPublication	691	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent							Don't control what is in MY TIMELIN	Even though no data is recorded, it still feels like a violation of privacy	Huge invasion of privacy!!!!!!	There is certainly no risk or ill effect to the study.  If they were able to help, why not be part of it?
APGX2WZ59OWDN	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHBC0HV	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	463	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent					The participants won't be harmed at all					
APLBE1TRYSQLB	3ATPCQ38J8BZQVSCWXK9YHMFG4TAY9	UnnamedCompany	270	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes										
APOF6BNH9DJ7P	3Z3ZLGNNSIVQX825W8O5YN57BLB3QU	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1639	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	yes	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	This experiment seems to have cautions set in place such as replacing the spam link with a researcher link, to ensure safety.	It seems like no subject's data will be used directly.  And, there is an algorithm in place to automate positive/negative posts.	After the experiment is over, the subject may have trouble believing that this was only an experiment.	It has to be a closely monitored experiment, as people's information is being used.	To the unsuspecting subject this can be intimidating. After the experiment is over, the subjects need to be assured that this was only an experiment.	Spam is scam! With that, it is important for people to know that spam sites and emails are just as malicious as phishing and other web based "dangers".	At another level other than negative mood posting, this can be a good experiment to see why people tend to follow/mimic other people for the sole purpose of being cool and sociable.	I know several people that are not careful, to the point of reckless on the internet.  This can be a great education for them.	I have friends that are completely careless about their online security.  I feel this would be a great education for them.	Some individuals are not aware of security warnings on the computer.  As with the phishing experiment, this can be greatly educational.
APOLU3BV7ZYOZ	3DZQRBDBSLG2AOHIOCDATNK8T2RS3P	NoAdvertising	732	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		Social media has become one of the main sources of communication today, people tend to inform each other of important things, tragedies, weddings, asking for help, etc.. this way a large percent of the time. omitting posts could cause negative strain on personal relationships.	while fraudulent activities are a high possibility its wise to use caution while performing a study, it could ultimately lead to lawsuits.	its a well contained and safe study				I don't believe anyone I know would purchase anything they learned about through spam		
APPZP50E4IOWJ	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJMN4GM	Twitter	8269	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	Essentially they are attempting to perform a sting operation upon unwilling participants.	The study interferes with people's ability to use Twitter.  If I use a social media outlet, I want to see every post from the people I follow.	Assuming the participants winningly participate, this study seems harmless.	Researches should not be given confidential information without permission like passwords.	It seems harmless as the security risk isn't real.	Because the experiment enables spamming, and there's no guarantee something couldn't go wrong.	The study interferes with people's ability to use Twitter.	It's their choice.	Because their passwords could be compromised	It's up to them.
APS0LRCKE76TS	3FQ5JJ512LPBQ9XK1MONBFR4HM7NKF	InsertPosts	295	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes						It seems safe enough.				
APWC4169OVTM8	36WLNQG78ZB630GD2A8BMPE5GAVEBF	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	760	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no	no	The people that buy something online should be sent an email saying why their order will not be processed					It is dishonest		This is dishonest		
APWXVT8DO5JII	3L0KT67Y8EH3QRE6DX60JHGL2YHYSM	UnnamedCompany	981	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes				I think a very generalized consent should be received from the students first.		The question is whether you might open this person up to future fraud by not \r\ntelling them what you are doing.  For example, if you send them a link for cheap prescriptions, even if they can't buy them from your scam site you might have piqued their interest.	The people this experiment was run had a right to be informed\r\nthat they were being studied.	As long as they consent to be a part of an experiment.  I think\r\nit is generally understood that social science experiments\r\nrequire a certain level of deception.		If the experiment paid them.  The stress caused by encountering the security warning seems marginal.
APYISFXR2COH4	3EG49X351UD93OQZ1OHVZYDKI37X6A	WithoutImprovingProduct	679	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes		There is no reason against proceeding. There is no intrusion of privacy.		I think that the information gained outweighs the risk of damage.		I think this is an important step in controlling spam, and there is no possibility of harm.	It will cause no harm to the person, so I really don't care.	This would help someone that I cared about	It would be an eye-opener if they fell for it.	
APYR24Z4XEFDB	3RKNTXVS3MZJSOES7QW2ISI8LUE4AK	Twitter	744	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AQ12WWX5WBMDG	3IUZPWIU1O81D36YTNFA7Y4VA5HKWN	InsertPosts	1839	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	 i don't think the researchers should be deceiving people by taking them to a phony website.	As long as the participants agreed to be in the study	This sounds very deceptive	I do not condone phishing whether it is coming from researchers or not						
AQ222SMUMQ1V1	3JCG6DTRV3RI4987UJ01BVYILB1QQS	WithoutImprovingProduct	395	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent										
AQ277F26ZFB1K	30BUDKLTXDW4EKZ410HYJ3ED6275EF	WithoutPublication	731	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes						There's no harm in anyway	Well for the negative experiment I think is hard to be playing with someone mood	With caution	I think it's horrible to be trick like that	
AQ4GV7O1D7J90	32RIADZISS5NSK0MOQIT3SCE710S4L	Control	807	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	It would be beneficial to learn the spammers tactics and success levels. As a bonus, you would actually be helping those who fall victim by not actually charging them as the scammer would.	This would alter the expectations of the user by "hiding" posts against their wishes.		While the overall experiment would be insightful, I don't think that validating passwords with the university system is ethical.				This would presumably not cause any anxiety for the participant during the experiment.		While this may be a helpful experiment for the researchers, I fear the anxiety caused by it would be traumatic for someone I cared about.
AQ7ELSEYT5VSK	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7HF2831	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1010	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes								This is not so invasive	I want no part of this invasion of privacy	This seems harmless
AQ9JBFWG18BDK	3VW04L3ZLT7MM3AV2BQLZBQ4FJNXX9	Twitter	257	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent								It would be a great lesson for anyone about online safety		
AQAXDL1INQC9Q	3YWRV122CS04QYFSPY36Z5A7UJW8U1	NoAdvertising	1021	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	They should as long as the people taking part find out the purpose after the experiment and they receive some compensation for their time. 	It doesn't seem ethical. 	I think the researchers go about this experiment professionally and should be able to conduct this experiment. 	It is too risky and if people think that actual scams might be a study they might be inclined to click on those e-mails; exposing them to risk. 	I believe that this experiment would lead researchers to see what happens when exposed to security warnings and how effective they are. It sounds like a good study. 	I wouldn't feel comfortable letting them be involved if they didn't know the purpose of the research and why its being done. So I guess it would make that data useless this way. 	At the end of the experiment the participants aren't really given reasons for the data collection or reassured after as to the reasons for the deception. 	I might but I would have reservations since the task would simulate being taken advantage of by a hacker. 	I think if someone participated in this task it would put them at risk for phishing scams in real life. 	I would because they are given the purpose of the study at the end. 
AQC5YBY3FYMCA	3H0W84IWBK3TJ7X2Y7U1M4J9YOYERC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	257	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes					No harm will be done. 		There is no risk or harm			If there is no real risk or harm to the participant, I dont see a problem
AQE1530F9RI0Q	35L9RVQFCOJXJ9GLS2XCCI36X4NUH7	WithoutImprovingProduct	221	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	it didn't matter	I don't know how it will change the outcome	it does not matter	it does not matter	it will not affect me	it does not affect me	I hate facebook	it does not affect me	it does not matter	It does not matter
AQFXY3NCYLBN5	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCL8IZP2	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1004	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	I would not like it if a friend was not warned of spam on the computer they were using or a false website where they are not going to get the product they thought they bought.  	I do not like the idea of researchers purposefully seeing if they can make people's mood negative.  I would be much more apt to the experiment if they would only show positive feeds and see if people became more positive as an outcome.	I see no harm in this experiment. 	This experiment does no harm to any participants and would be helpful in the study on phishing.   	This experiment seems to do no harm to the participant and would help in the study of security.  	I would not like it if a friend was not warned of spam on the computer they were using or a false website where they are not going to get the product they thought they bought.  	I would not want on of my friends to only see negative post or only have their facebook friends see negativity in that friends feed.  	This would be interesting to see if the candidate did indeed give security information. 	This experiment does not seem to do any harm.  I would not care either way if a friend were part of it.  	This experiment seems to do no harm to the participant.
AQGTIJZIVSL7D	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHJU6AD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	3293	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	Ensure that there is not such a perceived risk that the candidate will back out of the study altogether.	You don't want it so scary that they will back out.	Ensure that all information is kept completely private	Doing so will mean that the researchers truly have access to personal information.	Just really need to ensure that there is no risk and that the risk does not appear so great that the participants will back out of the study.	There is no real threat and it will provide more research material.	There is no real threat and it will add to the research material	No real threat in it.  Participating will add to the research material.	Doesn't seem right that the actual passwords are verified to be correct	If there is no real threat, it will add to the results of the study, which is always a good thing, and a learning experience.
AQH9A91AVFX9	3URFVVM165JJAUGFYO3JCP7BTS0UZP	UnnamedCompany	290	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
AQHXJX9M25XK4	3U5JL4WY5KAVO1MLI0OG20T6MC34XY	UnnamedCompany	722	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	This infringes on personal property	This seems unethical. I've heard of this happening recently	It's not unethical	I would raelly look into laws before proceeding	it wouldnt cause a major amount of stress 	This could influence people to spend money they dont have and hacks on personal computers!	This could really mess with a person, especially those with depression	I see no potential danger. 	I dont see this as necessarily harmful but it's probably a bit much	I dont see it as being very riskful
AQHYHAYS90S76	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z1SFOJ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	If enough people are doing this that it is an issue, then researchers should be able to research it to prevent spammers in the future.	I do not feel like the researchers should be able to determine what the facebook users will see and not see on their newsfeed. On the other hand, it is ok for experimental purposes to see how social media actually affects us.				I think this is a good experiment, but i do not know if i would want someone i know involved in the experiment.	If someone i cared about were a candidate participant for this experiment, it would not matter whether or not they participated. Them seeing what is or is not on their newsfeed is not a big deal.			
AQIT84QHXF456	3ERET4BTVMAQ17TQ0C5ITEWKCWM9KW	UnnamedCompany	455	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
AQJO3HJUUF190	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBO2IER	Twitter	400	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	no		There can be repercussions in the experiment.					It's a sociological experiment, it's far more than one's own importance.	It's discomforting to me		
AQKIXZDKXCM7T	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHKI5P5Y	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	377	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AQLO2RDFLX3DN	3TPWUS5F892JU5UA1AYCJFRN5NGWCC	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	634	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
AQNIO8YEHWUBR	39O5D9O87TTM37SMRQNAEIGQ7XSC3Y	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	735	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think it is good to show people what exactly happens in situations like this. 	Many people will be against this since it is unknown and you are pretty much manipulating people. Furthermore, those omitted statuses are being hidden from the account holder. 	There is no harm done in my opinion.	I think they should proceed but they might be met with a lot of criticism since they are taking passwords from people and possibly compromising security without the knowledge of those individuals. 	It is a person's own will to do this and they are told at the end of the survey. They were not exposed to any harm.	Examines what happens with spammers and kind of gives spammers a taste of their own medicine. 	I think it is an interesting social experiment. I think it should be done to show people how much of an effect facebook has on people's moods.	Might help the public not to fall prey to things like this. 	I think it is important to show the public how many people fall for these attacks in hope that people will guard their data more carefully.	I think its interesting to see how many people would avoid the security warning. I would probably be one of them since the warnings are usually false alarms. 
AQOHXZKG9TRVT	3EFE17QCRC6H4WOH3X2CXHLIC2SSH5	NoAdvertising	545	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AQOIJYXIYN13Q	3GM6G9ZBKNY4BA27JUNFZRP0VGNMTX	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	424	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
AQORJW4W8U9YU	35H6S234SA10156PVIY07FM0P7465M	WithoutImprovingProduct	516	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			n/a	n/a				n/a	n/a	
AQP0YX51PZ06C	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOW7SGVK	InsertPosts	811	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It is too risky to try to keep the research computer under sufficient control.  There is potential of infecting participants computers which could cause undue harm.	It is irresponsible for researchers to play with emotions of people who were unaware that they were candidates for a study where depression and serious side effects could occur without any sort of safety net for the participants.	Since there is no impact on the lives of the participants (since passwords will not actually be taken), I would be okay with the experiment as long as the study did not make it easier for hackers to obtain data.	Since the researchers are just testing passwords and not actually impacting the lives of participants with their phishing experiment, this seems okay.			Conducting this type of experiment on a person's mood without having the appropriate psychological follow-up can be dangerous.			
AQVP5IH2S6WCB	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA94624R	WithoutPublication	7450	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	no	Again, because it may deal with financial information, I don't know how much I trust it.	I think we all have a free mind and we will post or not post what we're feeling regardless of what others have been posting.	I don't agree with publishing all of the details of the scenario. Criminals learn from criminals and if they learn of a new tactic to use that they didn't know of before, they've just helped that criminal potentially target more victims.	It may give some of the participants a wake up call!	This is just a touchy situation. If you've ever encountered a warning of this manner, it can be frightening, depending on the severity. 	It sounds a bit dangerous, because a purchase could potentially be made, making credit card/bank info vulnerable. But, I would think they would regulate this properly to make it a learning tool.	That would be completely up to them. If they're wanting to see my posts, they'll go directly to my page.	It's a good lesson & some people may need this type of thing to (hypothetically) happen to them, to get the point of the severity of this problem	The more knowledge we have, the better. Some of these emails look completely legitimate & it's good to actually let people get a look at them and see how easy it could be to fall for this crime.	I wouldn't want to see anyone subjected to the fear of a security breach.
AQXRHIMQ7UK7O	38JBBYETQOBMI1V4NVYOEB8Z6F44EJ	WithoutPublication	349	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	It does not seem very ethical.									
AR2BJXE0VOYRV	3I7DHKZYGN1WKYZ0WB141LZDI5N5F2	InsertPosts	798	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		I don't think anything public should be posted to a users profile without consent.						It would be up to them.		
AR2MVQXQAVJKE	3CCZ6YKWR7KNJO8NTP1CRPD2F9O59A	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	656	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AR2TF6FMFZGP9	3DY46V3X3PJ4I16BQZOVF980TB855I	UnnamedCompany	702	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes										
AR2XN75XH62CS	32M8BPYGATNEAMQAEFQG8F3UO4SIGJ	Control	689	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	They aren't collecting any payment or personal information, so it's not unethical. Plus informing users they were part of a study would skew results. Anonymity is paramount for results to be correct.	They only slightly influence people's new feeds. It's not doing any harm.	I think it would be interesting, but again if this was a HIT on mTurk and the requestor was trying to get my passwords without me knowing, I would return the HIT post haste. Results may be skewed again because of the mTurk user base. Though it would be interesting to see the results.	They say participants won't be identified, but clearly they would have some information stored in order to validate the results. Again, a breach of trust.	Throwing up security warnings in a HIT would cause me to return the HIT ASAP rather than completing it. I would be interested in how many other mTurk users would do the same. This may skew results as well if HITs aren't being completed by those who are most security conscious. 	Any and all information on this topic is incredibly useful in this day and age.	It's an interesting social and psychological experiment that I find interesting.	It may be a fruitless exercise.	This is a breach of trust as passwords are not only stored, but access to the University's Active Directory environment would be allowed as well. Major Security red flag.	
AR5ROALNYUMU6	352YTHGROVEY2BM6DW6UZE5CYSR4HO	WithoutPublication	361	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
AR8XP4934J852	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDHYTM8P	Control	402	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Yes I think they should be able to do this experiment. 	Yes, I just feel like their results won't be represented. 		Obviously, it is important they respect privacy.		I hate spam, anyways we can reduce it, is good in my book!	Facebook experiments are ridiculous. Too mny trolls like myself on there. 	Isn't this the same idea as the other ones?	I think it's fine. They are researching a a legitimate event. 	Again, I think this is a good experiment with merit. 
AR95C0P53AFWJ	3IXEICO792K2M7HFWEGYAVSE5AR6TE	UnnamedCompany	354	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
ARD08TVB3PG0B	3YW4XOSQKQMMFYV7QDURKVNZGARU1Y	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	507	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
ARDGCKCOL3QLE	3FIJLY1B6U50D8HJGQAIZR4U9DBPFB	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	353	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes		Negative thought sharing could have impact on research gathering			Learning about security behavior could minimize risk.	An economic infrastructure that enables email spam. There is already spam everywhere, are current economic infrastructure enables spam.				
ARF9UQ30X8L9C	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLH2G86	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	877	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes						Doesnt seem harmful or dangerous or even potentially beneficial	no, their negative posts would make me worry	I would want them to know where the errors in judgement are	Buying information can be personal 	
ARFV302JOUOF	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG4922QWW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	8778	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes	They have to be extremely careful that the spammers don't catch wind of said plan and override their experiment somehow.	I don't see a benefit to this study, and I don't care for the fact that they are messing with communication lines for it.	This is another experiment that would aid in the research of cyber security. Password hacking is a huge issue that can cause massive problems for families.	While phishing is a problem, I feel this is a very intrusive experiment. I cannot decide if the good outweighs the bad.	This will aid research in cyber security, which is a huge problem nowadays.	It's not very harmful in this case, but it also is an inconvenience. I have no preference as it's not harmful.	This is not a beneficial experiment, and excludes people from communicating with their friends/family.	As long as the passwords aren't stored in any manor, I don't see this being a harmful experiment. 	This is intrusive, by getting information on the students school and their friends.	This experiment is not harmful, and will help in cyber security.
ARG392N6HWZCJ	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54KL0R3	WithoutPublication	246	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent		It is worthy of studying our online behavior					It seems like a worthy research			
ARI9HFA2CZT03	3GDTJDAPVUCLDQAJGWCK8VTDHW4M8W	NoAdvertising	321	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	yes	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ARJ8XLYXTWNE	3VHP9MDGRNLHJJ8FBLOCFR5NAT0FCP	InsertPosts	484	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ARL02LF79QANB	3TUI152ZZBOUN5OQ94AMAUQADPLQ1P	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	519	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	yes		Yes, but they should make sure the people they put negative ones on don't already have some mental or depression problems which could worsen.			I don't think it would really do any harm to people.		I don't think it really does any harm to the people unless they had some mental problems.  But most people I know don't really have any problems so I feel it wouldn't be bad.			
ARLC9PXHCNPI9	3UN61F00HWQTNO49N61YIADWLT4R5P	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	836	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	The researchers would be contributing to spam and I do not see how their research would be able to help anyone to reduce spam.	If the data is publicly available to the researchers then there is not reason they should not be able to study it.		The researchers are committing fraud	The participants are not placed at any risk.	No, I would still feel like their computer and identity were at risk.			By entering a password that can be captured, the researchers now have a password that the subject has used for other accounts.	The participants are not placed at any risk.
ARLHOFANPN3I	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3QXN09	UnnamedCompany	485	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
ARMGKUWZYIN7F	37UQDCYH6XW03ZZ9KJL5HRGVXAOV7N	Control	302	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ARN4VTN0RLN1L	3H7Z272LX78MD0RF21DGU49E6ZFLPA	NoAdvertising	312	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ARNVB51ESK8MO	3CFVK00FWLME3U9AN5E7O4IXBX4L6P	Twitter	404	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	unsure	indifferent	yes	no	yes	indifferent										
ARNX3K9VBP7AE	39N5ACM9HEORCYQ6D4AQPVIJ6DH9P0	Control	716	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	Once again I'm concerned with the method in which this would be carried out.  Allowing Spammers to infect a computer and try to redirect the hits, seems like it would just increase the amount Spam received by everyday people and doesn't deal with the issue.	I would be on board if the user knew they were participating, but altering someone's mood can affect relationships and other aspects of their life.	This is deceiving, but not in a way that violates the persons trust in my opinion.	The only issue I have is the invasion of using someone's Facebook profile.  I know it's public knowledge, but knowingly pretending to be someone that person knows feels like it crosses a line.	It follows the same answer as before, we need to be aware of the dangers of online.	I don't have a different way to conduct this, but I don't feel that the need justifies the mean.	I don't like the idea of someone secretly trying to affect my mood	I would want those close to me to realize the dangers of hackers.	My concern is using Facebook profiles to find who the candidates are friends with.  	I believe the general public is not aware of security risks.
ARPRWETH7ASXO	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP4LHJXG	WithoutImprovingProduct	507	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent							Peoples' posts should not be removed as part of an experiment.	I would not want their passwords being available for hacking, even if they weren't at risk.	Why would this have to be quantified?  The study deceives participants.	
ARR1VG3SV6BLW	3S4AW7T80BJ0O75W4HLSR6YJF3I4L1	Control	2426	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		Once again, they say nothing of informing anyone and that's alot of control.		They don't say anything about them not collecting the passwords or informing anyone.		Something about the researcher not being informed irks me.	I don't think they should be allowed that much control.	I don't think it would matter if they did. No one actually had their password stolen.		
ARR3UJTM2ZGK4	3TXD01ZLD4I37XSQDVDTITU2SYMU44	NoAdvertising	1076	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	A lot of people would like to stop receiving spam	It doesn't seem that important	This experiment could educate a lot of people	The results could help many people	People would learn more about security risks, which is beneficial.	It would be safe because researchers are conducting an experiment	It seems a little invasive	It would be a good lesson for people to learn	I think it's an important topic to research	There would be no harm in participating.
ARRUO9EHU6IWM	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K014NQ	Twitter	288	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The experiment is not potentially harmful and should be very safe for the participants.				I don't care either way.	It doesn't really matter to me if someone I cares about wants to participate in this experiment.			
ARSXA2ZPDMVVL	358UUM7WRZ48ASISBZGVGURSCXI7RZ	NoAdvertising	936	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	The results of the experiment are important.	This experiment seems to be rather frivolous. Just studying positive or negative mood.	The results of this experiment are very important and the study should proceed. No damage is done to the participants.	The experiment is important and any results might be important.	This experiment is important and should be allowed to proceed.	There are too many variables for the experimenters to try to control. They might not be able to properly protect participants.	Participants are not given a chance in advance to either participate or not participate in the experiment.	The results of this experiment are very important.	The participants are not given a chance in advance to be either included or excluded from the experiment. 	This experiment sounds important, therefore any candidates might be important to the study.
ART923GFLL9LN	3DQQ64TANGM2OU3E6FKI3FQU468WP3	NoAdvertising	405	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes		I think this is important research.		It seems like a good experiment.	Interesting.		I think it's interesting, and it would hurt the experiment to be told about it beforehand.		Yes, we need to understand the science of phishing and how to stop it.	Doesn't hurt.
ARU397Z6ZQSDG	3EKVH9QMEY57NH2HNM4GFETGMG62D9	UnnamedCompany	536	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes										
ARUWWJU3Q0BTZ	3AAJC4I4FGTAWE5LMPZ55NY0CAIZJA	Twitter	596	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	yes	I think it could help the researchers evaluate the marketing strategy behind spam and possibly make it appear less effective.	They would need to be careful not to remove information that was vital to participants. For example, if a loved one dies and you don't find out because it was "negative" then there could be some backlash.	The same fear of important passwords getting out is inherent in this study.	I think there would need to be an incredible amount of effort put into keeping the information confidential. 	I think the research is important and presents no threats.	There will be no disadvantage to participating. It would be their decision to make. 	It depends on whether or not they know that they are being included. If not, some important information may be lost to them.	Again, there is the danger of important information leaking out.	There is a danger of the information leaking regardless of the intent of the researchers. I wouldn't want them to take the risk. 	I think it is important to determine the most effective way of warning individuals about possible risks.
ARVSVYBL46LC9	3RSDURM96AN2G89OC2MVU0C6191EYY	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	933	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	It would be interesting to find out the amount of sales generated by spam, though I am not sure I would approve the methods to get those results.	Again, the deleting posts is what is hanging me up on this one. 	It is a slippery slope, and I would want there to be absolutely no chance of any of the researchers being tempted to use that information later. 	There are checks, balances and informed consent on this one, so I think it would be okay to do. 	I think this would be an interesting experiment, actually. 	None of my friends or family should be even thinking about hitting a spam site, after all the lectures I have given them. However, if they did, I would rather they not be further deceived. 	I don't like the idea of someone deleting posts from my account. Can't they just count the number of positive vs negative and get their experiment done without deleting things from someone's posts?	If they are participating in a fishing scheme unknowingly, they need to know, so I approve of this experiment, since they will be informed afterwards.	Being informed is a big plus on this experiment. If the university approves the study, I think it would be okay to do, as long as the 'victims' are later informed so they can change their passwords, etc. 	Again, being informed after the experiment is a plus. I would not mind this, though if I were a participant, I would just close the site. Would that be one of the anticipated effects? 
ARVXIBUCA8WDZ	33FOTY3KEMMQT4E74M9RQP1T9AYC1K	WithoutPublication	967	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Invasion of privacy.					It just seems like an invasion of privacy. They shouldn't have access to the purchase history of anyone without their consent.				
ARWJJV7K6GDBJ	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJSD4GO	NoAdvertising	1766	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes					I see no ethical issues	i support any research that could help thwart spammers	I rarely post anything, and so it would not involve manipulation of my content.		This study seems particularly invasive and unkind in its impersonation of friends	The study results could be worthwhile
ARXQYXCL8K55I	3TXMY6UCAEPEA8YOP1Z6RQ91HTFCQI	InsertPosts	252	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes										
ARY9ZPRG8DJK1	3QEMNNSB2X0E9IZNTYLBB5AOX8SD7O	WithoutImprovingProduct	425	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ARYM8AK312CZ2	3ZWFC4W1UU8LPLXYTIE74M49AS9FRX	InsertPosts	361	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent			Some may think they the researchers are a scam to get people's information and this may ruin their reputation.	Some people may think the researchers are just a scam and trying to get people's information. This may ruin their reputation.						
ARYUII7JCXI4O	3U0SRXB7CD6XDDAFR6XKCRDICFYRNB	WithoutImprovingProduct	638	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	indifferent	people who are deceived will be less engaged in the future when using technology.	These companies are profiting off of peoples interaction, they should not manipulate it.	if done reasonably, ok	Could be considered fraud.	If there is no risk, then it would be fine to move on.	somewhat uncomfortable, as this could lead to negatively affected future  use of computers	Most social media has a bad track record of folding for he NSA.	solo person voluntary involvement.	This could have negative affect how people behave in the future.	There is no hazard, and no negative repercussions, so it would be fine, but I have desire to have somebody involved.
AS28SBZT979BP	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS6QRD5F	Twitter	183	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no							I have no preference because I don't care			
AS2WTWYVRW9BV	3M23Y66PO28177407EB80QWS3OMS6E	WithoutPublication	435	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	especially since peoples credit cards may be used	the person shouldnt be lead into posting negative things		once again I believe a password should remain only with the individual			I would say its similar to toying with ones emotions	as long as the passwords are not stored I would have no preference	I think a password should remain private	
AS2XRRU4HH0T6	358UUM7WRZ48ASISBZGVGURSC9WR7L	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	308	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AS4WHZ0EVURW	3E47SOBEYQX1TAA5CTUXIOIFQCKICT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	571	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
AS53TLW26LCK0	3WI0P0II61TOR1J22CJHGM1OY82RDT	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	840	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	indifferent				It would let people know what type of scams are out there.		I wouldn't want them use someone I cared about because they would not be able to purchase what they were looking for.	They probably would feel better not seeing all of the negative thoughts.	It would help to make people be more secure on the internet.	They would suffer no harm from this.	I think this would be a helpful measure who ever it was tested on.
AS5LPONB6QQBY	3IAEQB9FMELTZX0O16TN3L95QOKWD6	NoAdvertising	1226	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
AS7SXCNMGLOGS	3DIP6YHAPCTN12I6ZYO1VNO485TE81	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1911	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	Ihe experiment might cause emotional damage to the subjects who tried to make purchases from the simulated spammers.	I don't believe people should be manipulated in this way.	I don't think that one can predict how much damage this experiment might do to the subjects.	Who knows what damage this experiment might cause? It might destroy friendships.	The information about the effectiveness of different security warnings could be of significant value.	The experiment requires that the subjects be made fools of.	It doesn't say whether the subjects are to be informed of this manipulation of their messages.	The experiment would make at least some of those who fell for the attempt to obtain their passwords  foolish. 	For one thing the experiment is using someone's identity without permission.	I don't believe this experiment would have any negative consequences.
AS9E0S6DBSWH7	3HWRJOOET535KMXFDWU6CEO5KMUES5	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1545	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	indifferent								Seems dishonest, I dont want to make someone I care about feel dumb and vulnerable.	It seems a little too intrusive and dishonest.	
ASB8T0H7L99RF	3VNL7UK1XFKY50AQX7J2415RY5JTFL	WithoutImprovingProduct	591	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
ASDHWM3G8V3K9	32UTUBMZ7GXN5B2ZX0XLMT2RG10BVC	Control	716	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	No, it sounds bad	I think its a good social experiment	Too personal	It's an interesting experiment, but also a terrible one. No one wants to be a victim of a phishing scam (even a fake one)	It's too personal	I just wouldn't want them to	It's up to them, but I am interested in the results they would receive. 	nope	I would say no, but its not harmful.	No, i don't like it
ASE7YA17NJPFV	3907X2AHF06GCE57SVVBF8A508E2PA	InsertPosts	554	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ASF3LB3LRVP8H	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQ3P2O0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	402	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	This seems like a potential privacy invasion, but it might be OK.	This feels wrong to me. 	This is a huge threat to online security, and a lot of people do not realize all the risks they take with their information. This would really help the issue.	This is a huge invasion of personal privacy.	It is ok because it benefits the researcher and the participants. It is not one-sided like the facebook study.	I am not sure about this experiment, it is confusing to me. 	This seems like a violation of privacy.	It doesn't make a difference to me who is in the experiment.	The university is logging on to their personal information, this is not OK.	Seems like a helpful experiment.
ASH55LLJVVBOZ	3J4Q2Z4UTY4NO64T6SZ73KG4997WQL	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	640	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I suppose people use the internet at their own risk and open themselves up to this type of thing, but I still think full disclosure is best.					While it doesn't seem like it would be harmful exactly it does seem like it would be at the very least worrisome and confusing for the subject.	I know that we're using Facebook at our own risk and all that and they can use our data for whatever they want, but I personally wouldn't want to be involved or have my friends involved.	Though it's not the nicest thing to do, the end result is good I think and they are disclosing the information afterward.	I'm not crazy about this study because I've been a victim of phishing before, but I think it could be enlightening to the students when all is disclosed afterward.	Again, it's being disclosed afterward and there's no real harm or discomfort to the subject.
ASJNHHZXJ1HT3	3G5W44VEU7J5GHGYEIBSLVI7GBVGKC	UnnamedCompany	2113	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	It could be helpful.	Same answer	Again, a valuable lesson.	A valuable lesson.	No harm done.	I don't think any harm could come from it.	I don't think this would hurt anyone.	It could be a valuable lesson.	It could be a very valuable lesson.	Yes.
ASNTJ81DXL7E8	3JRJSWSMQHM105C0NHT546GTS9J3EW	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	560	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Seems risking people's info via allowing spammers in	I see no ill effects	No risks, good benefits to society by knowing this security info	Since no prior informed consent	No risks beneficial info	If you allow spammers onto the computer, they may get more info than you intend and compromise security	I don't care what my friends do	I see no risk, sometime researchers need to use deception. And they would learn how to prevent future attacks	I see no risk but no informed consent prior is a problem to me	No risk, beneficial info
ASS7VIIWIGEBC	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEVTCX4	InsertPosts	182	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent										
ASSLGDY9ZOR2R	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW63RKT9	Control	1143	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	The information they obtain in this research can be very valuable.	The study sounds fabulous. I myself would like to know if others comments reflect the way I will feel.	It would be very beneficial for people to be aware of how vulnerable they really are.	It's a valid study that could be beneficial in the long run.	I don't see a problem with it. Again, it would be informative for people.	I don't see how it would pose a problem.	I don't see why it would be a problem and it would be nice to know.	If there is really no risk, I don't see a problem.	It would be nice to know if they could fall victim to this.	There is no real risk here.
ASSVV3K7SV9JT	3WLEIWSYHOIOZX7J9IN66Z8EED52HY	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	597	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	no									Within the bounds of a university setting this may go well enough, especially since the university has a hold and ownership of the data.	Many people seem to act very rashly with computer threats, I could see this going very wrong and being drastic for many of these people participating.
ASUDOK294UEZK	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WEWCU31	InsertPosts	7451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent										
ASUY6YMVB7YHR	3SKRO2GZ71S8C2QVWZQPE8E1ETIK10	Twitter	1206	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	This research needs to be modified. The original infection may be illegitimate or illegal but the purchase transaction is not. I'm really uncomfortable with making the buyer think he or she has actually contacted the company. It seems to me the researcher is acting illegally by interfering with the transaction.	Two reasons why not: 1. If the negative postings do cause negativity,it is possible that the false predominance of negative postings will affect the recipient psychologically and 2. The user assumes that all comments will come through a Twitter account.	This is a good topic for research but it needs to be done carefully to protect the victims.	Precautions need to be taken to ensure no one else can get the passwords. For instance, the passwords should not be kept.						
ASV64I25EGTY4	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVL3IKG	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1001	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	Maybe the user should be informed that they were being recorded.		Yes, in order to help educate the common folk. However, as long as passwords/information aren't recorded I see no harm.	While I agree it can be an important study, I feel it's just too much of an invasion of privacy. Tracking the success of the link from a friend and a stranger is one thing, but to extract their password and validate it is another. I feel the latter is crossing the line.				As long as it's a study, I see no harm as long as it isn't used maliciously.	I feel this is an invasion of privacy. 	
ASVVGEFYEECPQ	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XMX21J	WithoutPublication	8075	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	no	yes		They already have from the news reports.	It wouldn't be the first time researchers have deceived participants.	I don't like the premise of the experiment.	As long as everything is anonymous.		Eh, since the users had no idea they were a part of an experiment, (even one where they're being misled) I don't feel too conformable with it.	As long as no passwords will be stolen, I have no problem.	Everything about the experiment just seems deceitful .	As long as their isn't a real risk.
ASXCRXZO1LJ5D	3OJSZ2ATDSXJ55KUES3SDTMWKG575Z	Control	177	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no										
ASZME2HK3WFW2	3QRYMNZ7FYIATSN7VV2FC6E00X9NTS	WithoutImprovingProduct	221	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AT08BVQ9LQA42	3VP0C6EFSGXY9CRVNHFMOHXMB6SM6Y	WithoutPublication	2071	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes						No one wants to receive spam. 	The experiment would be invalid if all posts are not included			Participants will remain anonymous and will not be exposed to any real security threats. 
AT116456PANMW	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4Z0AFOZ	UnnamedCompany	321	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AT1TJUEWV6EL5	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CBVAN7	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	673	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AT6HH4TKU4WNH	3PW9OPU9PQLDVMM57TKLECS7XOS21I	UnnamedCompany	615	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	It seems too risky to me.	It runs the risk of interfering with personal relationships that are unaware of the study.	It's OK as long as passwords are not really shared.	I don't think it's ethical for the university to collaborate with the researchers to confirm the passwords.	It's something that doesn't jeopardize anyone and can improve security for all.	I don't like that it is using financial information and that the victims are not aware of it.	I don't like the idea of hiding/censoring some posts.	This is better than the other one because they are not storing/checking the passwords.	It sets them up for future fraud.	
AT8TSF7SB0XU2	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXH7J3P	WithoutPublication	281	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	unsure	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AT8Y4JPJVTJSO	3Z7EFSHGN9FYJ5Z0BFUYLY5UEP1CX0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	472	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	The results are important to know			It seems slightly intrusive, but important	The information is important		It's harmless			It's harmless
ATATCYCP7QBQ9	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FMW341	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1009	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	Sounds like a lot of work but no one will be giving their personal information.	It is too intrusive.  	It will help people from being deceived.	Can we be assured that emails will only be used for this and no other purpose.	Yes, but need to never share the emails used.	It seems since they will not be collecting personal information it should be safe for those involved.	Facebook is too intrusive already and I don't trust them.  They need to stay out of our business and don't need to know this information.	If the researchers could be trusted, nothing would be kept or used for any other purpose.	If I was assured that their email would never be divulged then I would want them to be informed and warned of the danger of phishing.	Sounds like a good way to teach people about the security risks that are out there.  Need to be assured that will be safe.
ATB9VOR75W6P3	3O7L7BFSHEQGQ8UJ8K0S8CIIBYHIEQ	WithoutPublication	355	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes				Full disclosure with participant in clear terms	I see no real concerns here	Concerns whether researchers will have total control or hackers will 			Privacy concerns over obtaining access to their facebook accounts	Seems pretty harmless
ATC0OP4AG1I2A	3N4BPTXIO8TOLZHTYN09PAJYPTRUKR	WithoutImprovingProduct	652	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	caution	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	I think the research could shed some good light into how many people actually put their personal financial information into a spammer site.	Many people would want to know the findings of this type of study.	I don't want to be hacked.	Make sure people involved in the study know whats going on afterwards.	Proceed with research but be very careful not to freak people out.	I don't want someone I cared about to be naive enough to purchase something from a spam site.	Sounds like a very interesting experiment.	This one just freaked me out, I hope YOUR not a hacker.	Good way to teach people not to put their passwords into anything.	Sounds interesting.
ATDFF5B4NKQC7	392CY0QWG1SYY6XQJEOFZQ6RY0L4IM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	932	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	it is unneceessary not ethical.	messing with another's posts is not good.  i do not now what facebook has to say about this.  if they find it unlawful, then i would say no.	knowing what fraction is not necessary.  the plan will generate a deceptive and complex work which is not needed, except to pay the salaries of those making it up	as i stated before, i feel facebook is a 2 way screen.  one should give up privacy if one wants to interact with facebook.  it is naive to think everything is as it appears to be 	if researchers want to find out what they want to find out about security warnings, they shoujld be allowed to do it this way	the research is not that important to find out how much spammers actually sell.  there are many ambiguous areas.  is one reads the buys the email, is it spam to them?  the so called research needs high tech which often goes wrong.  mostly, the secretiveness of it is not ethical.  i would not like to try to buy something on line to find out i was in a secret study and actuallydid not make the purchase	i do not use facebook.  to me it is a 2 way screen.  i value my privacy too much.  it is ok with me to deceive users.  	knowing the fraction of internet users who divulge something which results in hackers getting their passwords is not that important.  knowing that passwords are being hacked and enough users compalin about it to try to outwit the hackers is important.  knowing what fraction gets hacked is not important to do wuch a complex, difficult and deceptive stuff	the method used to find out involve faacebook pages and blogs.  these change quickly.  a finding will not apply 5 years from now because the whole facebook thing will have changed too much	it sounds like good research to find out which security warnings work.  it is ok to deceive these participants because they willngly enter into a situation where it is ok to deceive them
ATHC2E1VQ3VMU	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPGYNRYK	Control	1590	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes										
ATJ8M4UR7NGIJ	35GMH2SV3EIQMU5M6FDXS9E4N4IOEN	Twitter	375	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	Any way of preventing spam would benefit others.	This seems worthwhile to determine crowd behavior.	Computer security is becoming more of an issue, and this could be useful in battling it.	The focus of the study seems worthy, but I would recommend finding a different way to conduct it.	I am skeptical of the effectiveness of this study.	I don't think there is any harm in is study.	It seems like it would be a harmless study.	It is up to them if the want to participate.	This seems like it could anger the participants by feeling like they were being tricked.	It is their own choice though I see no harm in it.
ATKXDR8NFLQ9I	3HUTX6F6VUOYRET6DVIWQ85FQYMO29	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	291	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no		I think researcher should let user have the option to view the other posts if they wanted, but other than that it seems to be okay. 					yes, most of the people I care about are very positive in life. 			
ATLRG9U5ZT7YC	34PGFRQONOC62J0GB2FY6J4IVB5WJE	NoAdvertising	357	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no										
ATM90U6E6YN65	3Z2R0DQ0JHFCFNGHJHF0LWB1MSEE2L	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	531	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Seems a bit unethical. 	Yes, it would be interesting.	since the passwords aren't being stored, I don't see the harm in it.	Strict guideline for the checking of passwords (IE:, not knowing the student's user name, etc.)	No harm is coming to anyone and the data could help the researchers.	I would be really upset if it happened to me.	I have no preference. It seems like it would be interesting. I believe I recently read something about this actually happening in the news. The results reflected that researchers were able to make people happy or sad based on what they read.	It would be a good lesson for participants to not enter their password on unknown sites or give them to people.	Seems a little risky, because researchers will have access to their actual passwords, but I doubt anything negative would come of it.	No harm could come of it
ATMFQCO8M3CZJ	3UN61F00HWQTNO49N61YIADWLWX5R2	NoAdvertising	909	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	yes	yes		It could really ruin someone's day. Maybe they could add a button to every users home page. If they are in the mood to console others, they can click on the negative button.	Be completely certain that the passwords are secure.	Make sure the passwords are secure, and that the participants are told to change their passwords.		It seems risky, since it includes the potential for credit card information to be stolen if an accident occurs.	It would be sad if they were put into a negative mood if the experiment worked like proposed.	It could be a valuable lesson that could be remembered and applied in the future.	This seems like it could be a good lesson to be more caution when online. Never giving out one's password is a big rule. 	It could help make sites a little more secure in the future, so it would be okay for someone I cared about to be a part of it. There is no harm done to them.
ATMYKYM1251GF	3C44YUNSI1Q3FO3NPKFSBR19XTLDP0	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	850	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	I think the spammers will recognize what they are doing.	It is a silly idea.		It will help defeat theives.			Sounds like a waste of time.	It sounds like useful research.	So they can better protect themselves in the future.	It will help people learn to protect themselves.
ATNCWXU09OPI0	3HPZF4IVNMUNJAPAGBG04CC3GW6YC5	WithoutImprovingProduct	806	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes								So they become more informed about internet security.		
ATP608EJQ2PCD	3V0Z7YWSIY1THY23E74AL0ZNMPCV27	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	7299	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	It seems it would be taking advantage of the researcher's contacts.  I'd be mad.  (Of course, I also don't click on spam, but it seems inappropriate.)	Surely there's a better way to conduct the study than this manipulation of people's social interaction online -- again, without knowing consent.			I'm skeptical as to whether anyone would continue with the task, once they are faced with a security warning.	This seems potentially humiliating to people, without their knowledge, and by someone they'd trust.	People have not knowingly given consent to be part of the experiment.	It seems harmless, but could make people feel uncomfortable or vulnerable.	Again, this takes advantage of people's relationships, and without their consent.	
ATUQWTTG37FQM	31Q0U3WYDPGKHNJBD51GA39F868711	WithoutImprovingProduct	1354	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
ATVU7N0LN2VY3	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0MY2NL	Twitter	714	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent		I don't see anything harmful or negative in this experiment so I think they should go for it								
ATX8SHEATJAVN	3R8YZBNQ9HJ8YR3SYKRVB4HNGNQ7QW	NoAdvertising	557	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes										
ATXVKBFVTZZQW	351SEKWQS0IXUL6AX4N0UN7EST2DM6	Control	1113	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	I feel the ethical considerations indicated above are sufficient to warrant reevaluation of this experiment and an effort to frame it in a different way.		I feel that this experiment is doing important work.	I am convinced that this research is important in reducing the prevalence of phishing.	I am convinced that this type of research is of considerable importance.  If more people were to take warning messages more seriously, computer viruses and account phishing would be less prevalent.	There are two pieces of this experiment that seem unethical to me: 1) altering the code of the so-called spammers and broadcasting it, seemingly in their name, without their knowledge and 2) by not informing either the so-called spammers or the participants that research is being conducted  it is possible that misunderstandings could develop between those two parties which would be problematic to reconcile.	I do not foresee any negative implications connected to temporarily altering a person's Facebook feed.	If someone I cared about were to fall for the ruse in this experiment, I believe it would be a valuable learning experience for them to realize that it happened and be given an explanation of how to avoid it in the future.	I am concerned about the ethicality of impersonating friends of the student participants.  It seems plausible to me that misunderstandings might occur which could have long-term detrimental implications for the relationship used to facilitate the simulating phishing.	The criteria I would use in determining a person's acceptability for inclusion in this experiment are more related to their ability to pay attention to detail and offer thoughtful answers than how much I care about them personally.
AU1ZSB2HQKYUI	3R9WASFE2ZHURCJP3Z8KQP68J9WFZU	UnnamedCompany	313	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	unsure	unsure	caution	no	no	no	no	yes							I think all participants should be informed.			
AU2C0Q45DVGJO	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCLFYZPW	NoAdvertising	712	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
AU4UGDLWK79L	39DD6S19JPC2LYJT8OOE87L872NEZ5	WithoutImprovingProduct	442	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	There is no other effective means					Anybody can be part of the study group me included				
AU5P9GR255WB2	3JBT3HLQF836IP8JH24P2JKCL9EPZQ	InsertPosts	981	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	no	yes	Lack of informed consent.  Allowing malicious software and emails to propagate.	This is emotional manipulation without Informed Consent, Debriefing, or Opt-out.  It is HIGHLY unethical.	Again, knowledge of participating in research, a debriefing, and anonymity ensure this is ethical, but successful manipulation of participants will yield real passwords.  This raises security concerns about how the research is constructed and hosted. The HIT should at minimum be conducted through a secure connection.	Intrusion of privacy to research student targets friends in an effort to manipulate them, and to check passwords against university records.  Opt-out after the fact is not good enough.  There is no informed consent.  It is a violation.	Candidates are aware they are participating in research.  A debriefing explaining the true purpose of the reasearch & anonymity makes this researc method ethical.					
AU6UXBWZ33NOT	3U84XHCDICEKTWM0JIC1ZL9HUKSZ4X	Control	535	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes	Maybe crate a program that mimics spam rather than being infected. 	Why not? I think people love hearing about Facebook good or not.	There's not logical reason to stop them.	If it comes out in a scientific paper or just out to the community, they may feel like their privacy isn't sealed	It shows how people are knowledgable and using that knowledge as they're on the computer	I don't like that the computer used by researchers is infected by spam. 	Eh, I don't truly care that much about Facebook. 	I think that if I'm tricked into giving away my password in a safe environment, I would want to know to better protect myself.	I don't really like the fact that people are using Facebook to do research on me.	Yea, everyone today uses computers and if you can see how you yourself are susceptible to going along with potentially risky behavior while on the computer, it's good to know
AU6XCCQI1KJJC	39U1BHVTDLS3POUXDCI03SGUVG13TB	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	8408	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	This experiment could get very complicated with people trying to make purchases and giving personal information of a fake website.  There could potentially be more negative consequences than anticipated, so the research would have be carefully conducted.	This experiment seems like too much of a privacy violation.	Since people would be sharing personal information they may feel extremely violated after finding out it was an experiment.  Precautions would need to be taken so that this is not a negative experience for participants.	My concern about this experiment is that people's privacy will be violated.  At the some time, I think the research could be very beneficial.	I think this would be a beneficial experiment and I like that no one's personal information would be violated and that there would be no real threat.		This experiment seems to intrusive and I would not want someone I cared about to be a part of it.			
AU7A3QNJF3O00	31N2WW6R9RRT6JCWISDBMO1T48Y3FA	Twitter	339	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	yes	caution	caution	no	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent										
AU7V52XJGL5C4	34MAJL3QP4OJ83F7YBHSVK42FH6432	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1753	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	Honeypots are a well-known spam capture mechanism, but they should make sure that that spammers are not taking counter-measures to infect *their* computer.	This is the sort of experiment that should be rejected by the researchers' Internal Review Boards for not correctly getting participant's consents.  It directly impacts the user's private feed without their knowledge.	People might actually enter real passwords: I could see a situation where someone *pretended* to be a researcher "studying how people are tricked into giving their Facebook passwords", and then *actually keeping and using the passwords* while asserting that they would NOT do that. Working under the aegis of a reputable university with an IRB backup and such would be the minimum that I would require *real* researchers to do.	While I understand the rationale for studying phishing attacks, actually carrying them out -- *even with the best of intentions* -- runs the risk of fundamentally changing the behavior of the participants, and not necessarily in a good way. I can't imagine that an IRB would ever even okay such an experiment.	There never is any actual danger to the user under these controlled conditions.	It's not to me to decide whether someone would or wouldn't be a "candidate participant", but I am hopeful that I have sufficiently informed people that I care about that they *shouldn't* click on spam.	This sort of study directly impacts people private newsfeeds *without their knowledge* and thus clearly *without their consent*.		This sort of study certainly violates the expectation of privacy that people using university-sponsored accounts expect: it opens the door to the compromise of passwords even with the best of intentions.	No security violation will actually occur and the participants will be fully debriefed afterwards; they will have the opportunity to withdraw their data.
AU8TGJAIKEBEF	3X66WABAJWJZKJ8RTCJT49155MG3GP	NoAdvertising	396	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		Only if the participant was aware it is happening.		I wouldn't feel comfortable with them collecting passwords, maybe just tell the person they messed up if they try to enter their password.	Only if they informed the participants beforehand.		I wouldn't like seeing random posts, just give them to me in order of date.	It seems legit.	It might be good for teaching people about phishing.	I'd like to help with fighting malicious software.
AU8TQ6UERKAVM	30LB5CDZNCB3U84Z0HPZNIJ4D2E0Z8	WithoutImprovingProduct	498	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no		The facebook page is that persons personal newsfeed and should not be messed with, without permission	Participants should not be deceived. 	too deceitful 			Picking and choosing what posts to include/exclude is not honest, especially if it is to study the emotional affect on others.	I would be afraid the experiment was not legitimate. 	I would not want them to be phised, even for scientific purposes.	
AU9L8E9HXY0Q4	39N5ACM9HEORCYQ6D4AQPVIJ6EZP90	NoAdvertising	842	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Spammers could find out what's being done and change things to gain access to more info than they were originally after.	Not enough evidence that a good or bad mood could be caused by this tactic, could possibly harm someone who is emotionally dependent upon their comments or lack thereof.	See above	Seems unethical, especially when impersonating friends and getting the university involved.	See above		Depends on the person, but seems unethical and cruel to take away comments from friends and family.	Not enough info	It all depends on the person. Some won't care if this was done to them, some would be unwilling to participate even by choice.	Not enough info given to enable me to say yes or no.
AUA0HE293PM30	3KV0LJBBH2MRVVPFF5IKZCOI7RCRM3	UnnamedCompany	686	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	I feel like there are too many steps that could result in a mistake being made. 	I do not think they should be able to do this without consent from the people on the social site. 	This is important research, but also kind of dangerous. 	This could be helpful, but they need to take caution, especially with people's passwords.	Everything seems to be safe, so I would be ok with this experiment. 	I don't think it is right to not inform the users of anything that happened. 	I would not want someone I am close to to participate because this could mess with their emotions. They might get depressed if all they see is how great everyone else's life is going. 	I do not really have an opinion. 	I do not have an opinion either way.	Since everything will be explained to each user, I think this would be ok.
AUAN582MLI96N	3M1CVSFP606QHT1Q5N3FLVJDHMJAQV	WithoutPublication	494	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		There's other ways to study than manipulating your facebook news feed.	safeguard the passwords							
AUCLSU5PFLHYV	39GAF6DQWR1MSDK7V34WGHPIUHW1VQ	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	867	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think this study would be on the hairy edge of ethical. 	Manipulating social media can make some people very upset, it has the potential to be unpopular. 		See above	Unlike the previous two studies mentioned, this one is at least under the framework of a hit, so the participants would be aware of being studied and that makes it acceptable to me. 			It might have a side effect of teaching them how to be more safe online. 	I think it is unsafe to send actual phishing messages and actually take the passwords. What happens when the password database is hacked? 	It would help someone learn if they are too frivolous with security warnings which is worth some deception. 
AUE0SC3BNMAHY	3E1QT0TDFPAZH7KSVHESG2MW0PNI8J	InsertPosts	510	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent									huge invasion of privacy	It would not really make much of a difference to me. 
AUK78F70A54TY	3I0BTBYZAXM3PIUU4VNG9BA278MY0R	Twitter	1216	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	It seems wrong to have someone think they ordered something only to never receive it. Also, it violates their privacy a little. Although they're on a public computer, so they should know better. 	It's an interesting question, but I don't know if producing a feature to protect one's mood is a good idea. It's good for us to experience empathy. 	They aren't harming anyone. 	Impersonating people is not okay. 	It seems that they won't have accurate information about how many people chose not to participate because of the security warnings. Also, it would waste those people's time because they would attempt the task and change their minds and so not get paid. 	No one I know would make a purchase from a public computer. 	As long as they're aware the researchers are altering their Twitter feed in some way and they're okay with that. 	It's for a good cause and no harm will be done to them. 	Verifying the password is correct gives the researchers too much personal information. 	It's a good cause and no one will be harmed. 
AUKGUTJHJQFGK	3E4GGUZ1T8SF1N8RF3Q3JRO66UBK2M	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	261	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	no	no	no	no										
AUKUYL50PIUMC	3A9AA95ATWN8BBOUAEX9DFDHK9O5PF	Twitter	2755	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	no	caution	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	The research does not sound ethical		The researcher is not doing anything illegal	This sounds unethical and the passwords could be missued	It could cause some stress on people that do not have a lot of information about computer security	It does not sound ethical		It causes no harm to the subject 	This sounds unethical and the passwords could be missued	Its not harful but it could upset them
AUPYWRR25I4Z0	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FH6M41	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	608	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AUQTHU5AOZVQC	3FDJT1UU74970KREXMS1HYRIQZD5K9	Control	5455	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes	I think that this is a real issue facing the internet today and I think that it tends to be that when people are looking for something to buy they try to find the place that offers it cheapest. Unfortunately for most people that means that they run the risk of having their information stolen in the process.	This kind of research could cause family and friend problems due to lack or misrepresentation of information. As a result this kind of research is dangerous and should instead be done in a way that allows the user to report how they feel about each post at the moment and compare it with their current mood throughout the day instead.	Without research like this we will continue to give hackers the advantage over us, but if universities continue to do research like this we will be able to not only better protect ourselves from such attacks, but also help internet security companies and businesses to implement things that will help prevent it before it occurs.	I think that an experiment like this will not only bring attention to such a scam, but also better prepare people to be aware of it at no real cost to them.	This research is important, not just for security overall, but for drawing attention to the issue at hand. This research will allow companies to implement things that prevent such instances and create new dialogs that hackers can't duplicate easily.		People who I know who use facebook use it to connect with family that they normally would not have contact with on a daily basis. For this reason all information posted is important and bad assumptions made can lead to family problems. For this reason I think that not having all the information necessary would be a problem.	I think this because I want them to be able to help in anyway that they can with security while also making them more aware of the risk they might encounter. 	I would want them to take part in this particular experiment because it deals with an issue that I worry they will fall victim to. This will allow me to find out if they know about such an issue and it will also help them become aware that phishers will use this to get to them.	I think that often times the people I know don't read dialog and warning boxes and having them take part in a study like this will make them more aware that it is a problem and hopefully force them to pay more attention.
AURYD2FH3FUOQ	30BXRYBRP4YABD5QN2CDU6O3IKJWHT	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1647	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		I am aware that this has already been done. Facebook should not be "choosing" which posts are included or excluded. It should be straight forward.	There's no way to do it if you inform them first, but it seems kind of unethic	Total invasion of privacy and deception. Should not impersonate a friend.		This actually seems a little fun to me, to see who would be fooled.			Total invasion of privacy and deception. Should not impersonate a friend.	
AUT9J39A2N4LH	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQV4M295	NoAdvertising	435	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	The ethics of doing this should definitely be taken into account when planning and sending the e-mails.	Facebook is too personal to manipulate like this.	This study seems perfectly ethical.	This deals with sensitive data and requires coordination with the university systems which seems like it increases the likelihood something could go wrong.	This is perfectly ethical.	Seems harmless enough.	Facebook is too personal to manipulate like this.	The study is harmless so it's perfectly alright.	This seems too personal.	This is a harmless experiment.
AUTLD2SZO0CZQ	3DOCMVPBTNFCYFINYZG33788BIYNN8	UnnamedCompany	266	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes										
AUUAFG5DUF89I	308XBLVESI5VC4LIOGSBLWDOVO6BRO	UnnamedCompany	428	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes, the more knowledge we have about this the more we can do to prevent it	will help prevent it from actually happening	provides knowledge	phishing can result in major dollar loss, also bad credit ratings	important	information on what they are doing wrong can help prevent this from happening	knowledge is power	to understand the problem of hacking and how devastating it can be	this is serious stuff	security is important
AUXTCL5HKMY5N	32Q90QCQ1SM7W3K78NL4LSXV3WNKE8	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	628	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent		They should be required to obtain permission after disclosing the experiment and offering users a chance to opt out.		It would put the students' data at risk.	It is a useful experiment. As long as there was truly no security risk involved, I would support it.	Even though the "hijacked" site is a spammer site, I do not feel it is ethical to reroute traffic or alter e-commerce processes. To me it is akin to someone listening in to my phone calls without saying a word. It is a violation of the customer's privacy.	I do not think anyone should be included as a participant without their knowledge and permission.		I do not support any study which asks for user passwords. The chance for those passwords being intercepted is too great a risk.	
AUZBKS5UI3MXB	358010RM5EUUIE502WP3BQTJZWSVXT	WithoutImprovingProduct	453	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes	I don't see any problems	I don't see any issues	As long as they don't collect the passwords I see no problem		I don't see any negative risks.		Don't see any reasons they shouldn't		I would still be nervous someone may use your password.	Why not help the experiment.
AV0XRXVOOABT2	3LEP4MGT3G11BU2D6FXRG7WKGZIBD9	WithoutPublication	431	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	no										
AV3CA0IYNRCCJ	3VW04L3ZLT7MM3AV2BQLZBQ4F7RXXP	WithoutPublication	1992	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes										
AV3GP5YAMSMSL	31HQ4X3T3SBJQS77UIHAP9EPTRMSLD	Twitter	414	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes				yes, they should be allowed to continue with the experiment	though some deceiving is needed, it is not harmful and should be able to proceed with the study			i would have no problem with them participating	it does not sound like a harmful study, and would allow them to be in it	it would not be an issue and nobody would be harmed in the study
AV472ZALVT6WS	33L7PJKHCGZPQL03PTDWU9O5B35T87	Control	618	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I feel like it is a law(?) that you need to debrief the participants afterwards and let them know what the experiment was about?	There is no debriefing at the end, which is required	Yes, you will debrief the participants which is good and it seems like it would provide interesting results	I feel like it is a little sketchy looking at someones facebook account to find their friends without their permission	It seems like there is no reason not to!	I don't think there is any psychological risk involved so I don't see the problem with it.	Again, I feel like there is no risk	Again, I feel like there would be no ill effects.	Again, I feel like there is no psychological risk	No risk
AV87475M7R4G8	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0C0TPK	UnnamedCompany	467	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent				The process defined seems too unethical.						
AVACZG77PTFF4	3QECW5O0KH2633H1RV6TIPEE9GBT5I	NoAdvertising	809	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Anything to mess with spammers									
AVAQ4AJU45K1U	3A0EX8ZRN8P495X42BK5TS6LYDJYBF	WithoutPublication	322	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	unsure	yes	no	yes	no	yes	It could be very helpful					It is not harmful				It will not be harmful
AVC62JNYAXA45	3EO896NRAWWEA2WMGXANJZXJRMETJM	Control	3707	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	unsure	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I believe the researchers should inform participants after the purchase attempt.	I do not oppose the premise of the study, but I believe it should be done only with the consent of those involved.	I don't think this experiment helps to develop recommendations on how to recognize the attacks.	I don't believe knowing the efficacy of phishing attacks based on the email source is necessary to help users recognize them.						
AVCL5NSNNRFVK	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8E5EZWQ	NoAdvertising	2422	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.	N/A.
AVCLG9XDXN0JV	39L1G8WVWQS2G4IOBTYQXMXZ315133	UnnamedCompany	882	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent									I think this is very tricky and should not be done to any one especially since internet attackers or out there everwhere	
AVCXJ9M71WDCB	3NG53N1RLVKRYT7W8C4CPZN8MZVP87	WithoutPublication	543	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
AVH1H947FYBQU	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3VS0NR	Twitter	973	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	I think by modifying it slightly it will be more acceptable. Participants who unwittingly attempt to make a purchase should afterwards be informed that it was for a study and their information is safe. 			with caution to ensure the risk is totally minimized or eliminated.					There does not seem to be any risk associated with any of these therefore it wouldn't matter to me if someone I cared about participated or not. 	
AVHI24I0GQWGI	3907X2AHF06GCE57SVVBF8A502RP2Y	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	766	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	People's digital information shouldn't be subject to manipulation.	Researchers shouldn't be able to manipulate facebook for their own research.			I don't see any truly negative impacts from a test like this, nor do I see the deceit as anything wrong, given that it's explained at the end.	It seems there must be other ways than spamming people, to determine how often people respond to spam. It seems a needless experiment, and questionable ethically.	People use Facebook with a level of trust that what they're seeing isn't being manipulated. If people who were already prone to depression, and used Facebook as a way to keep in touch with people, only saw negative messages, it would obviously cause them to feel even worse. 		Without prior consent to being a part of some kind of experiment, people shouldn't be experimented on.  The security implications of giving up your password, having access to the university's password database, etc.  It's too much.	I think it would be a harmless experiment, that posed no real danger. The psychological impact would be minimal.
AVHQMOR1H9LN0	37U1UTWH9VNCA6NBL481UUNNNLKR8A	UnnamedCompany	2133	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	Spam is a very serious and uncontrollable issue most people who use emails and the internet in general usually have. I am in total support of doing a research that would help stop spam permanently.	So they'll be able to produce features that might protect the moods of psychologically-vulnerable users	Because then they will be able to produce or publish recommendations that help users better learn to recognize such attacks.	So they would be able to publish recommendations to help users better learn to recognize such phishing attacks.	Because I support the idea of measuring the effectiveness of different designs for presenting computer security warnings 		Because there's no mention of harm in participating.			Because i support the researchers idea and it's probably for a good purpose.
AVHZJ2HQJG3NB	3QXNC7EIPIWOOHMMWJV0AUHBYXE90M	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	309	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes										
AVIIBQFXG8ZIA	3QL2OFSM96JT7BLW997PNWEWCDJCNC	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	353	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent					I'm all for research, but of course, with the proper caution taken. 					they're anonymous and at no real risk, so I see no reason as to swing either way, honestly.
AVJ5KLRUSVZBI	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7RNMC8	WithoutImprovingProduct	903	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	no	They need to make sure they are in full control.	I feel that this is a relatively safe experiment, and the information it would glean is pertinent to nearly everyone.	The experiment must be conducted with 100% security.	I would not trust this experiment.	They need to be 100% secure in the warnings they use.	We get spam every day, there is almost no stopping it, so I would be ok with this experiment.	Social networking is huge, and it would be nice to know how it is used, especially with negative postings.	There is no way for a participant to actually know that their computer is not threatened.	This experiment is another one that could possibly be unsafe.  I mean the hackers could hack the experiment, or the experimenters themselves could be hackers.	Even though the experimenter claims there is no risk, one can truly never tell.
AVMIXXCHPD291	3PB5A5BD0V7HL29EVOMJHQDLAQIG7R	NoAdvertising	6316	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	caution	no	no	indifferent	no	yes			They need to be careful not to actually obtain any of their private information		Definitely, but they should make sure to clearly disclose at the end that there was no security issue and explain why. 	The whole thing sounds shady. 	The increase in negative exposure might have a harmful effect on my loved one. 		I wouldn't want their passwords exposed	I would have no problems being "tricked" in order to further the development of security warnings. 
AVMRAICG7DKNM	3BF51CHDTVBH3N45UVJSNBFZHAJH0H	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	394	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	yes		Seems as though it may be too dangerous. 		Perhaps if it were used at the university which the researchers were from 			I'm unsure how I feel about this 			
AVNCVUNSUCUE3	3MMN5BL1WZ5ZCT4D4FHOHEL21BQM3K	Twitter	634	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent	to risky	it's ok, as long as personal information isn't used. it's only a mild manipulation, it's not like they're changing people's post content	since they inform participants afterwards of the purpose of the study, I think it's OK	This is technically accessing someone's account without their permission.	as long as they notify participants what occurred, I thin it's OK	I consider this unethical "research" because it puts people's computers and personal information at risk (the researchers don't know if the spamware installs viruses, etc onto their computer that might spread to users.)	I don't see that it really matters, it's not using personal information or anything	it's a bit sneaky but ultimately harmless	I see this as a violation of a user's privacy and also as hacking.	since it's harmless, I don't see a huge problem with it
AVNZ95Z9HMITU	3DZQRBDBSLG2AOHIOCDATNK8T393SK	UnnamedCompany	909	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	As long as personal information is not divulged.	I personally would not like it.. maybe others would not care.	Too risky, should not have access to passwords.	No, researchers should not have privy to any personal password information.	Again I don't think that there is a risk.	It would not matter to me, I don't think there is any risk for the candidate.	I don't like the thought of anyone invading my Facebook account no matter what the experiment is..	I don't think giving your password to anyone is a good idea. This poses a risk.  I don't trust anyone.	No, I would not trust anyone with my password or someone that I cared about.	I don't think there is a risk with this study.
AVO3YNDEOT1XO	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOWFOVGB	UnnamedCompany	1089	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AVP9IH5BEORUA	3L0KT67Y8EH3QRE6DX60JHGL21SSYX	NoAdvertising	615	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	no	yes										
AVPKE76DJLWK6	3OHYZ19UGC6NWHOAQABBWQOD2J7AOP	InsertPosts	7909	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	absolutely not. The people in the study are not giving their informed consent. 	see above. Unethical and one of the many reasons I am glad I maintain just a fake account on facebook just so I can do online work that requires facebook bullshit.		no informed consent.		completely unethical. Any researchers who conduct research in this manner should have to face their university ethics committee.	violates privacy of users		once again, completely unethical	
AVR7POGF2Y5XY	3S0TNUHWKTJI9W4633DHP56J8JOD8J	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	381	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	yes				This can teach a valuable lesson to young University students. 		The experiment is examining the participant without consent and they are not publishing it. 	They are not aware they are participants. Invasion of privacy. 	I am sure hackers will be able to use this experiment to their advantage by examining the results. 		The experiment seems like it would be beneficial to society. 
AVS7MCWLGIZS7	3L0KT67Y8EH3QRE6DX60JHGL21CSYH	InsertPosts	588	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	They are not informing the users of anything.		"the researchers will not actually steal, collect, or store the passwords that users type", so it's safe.	I see no mention about what is done with the passwords after it's finished.	They are debriefing the subjects.	This sounds annoying and useless.	They are messing with peoples feeds without asking.	This sounds useful to computer security.	This study doesn't seem that useful.	This sounds like a good study and is done well.
AVTBOH5EBQLWH	3O6CYIULED2FGZBAN1JCDLDTCO4UW3	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	567	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	These seems to be walking a fine line, although there probably wouldn't be too much of a risk to "participants" there could be some if the researchers can't adequately control the spammers.	I don't think facebook should be filtered to spare people's feelings. They can either use it or not. I don't think this needs to be researched.	Yes, there are no real risks and participants might gain knowledge about protecting themselves in the future.	Yes, there are no real risks involved and it's a good chance to educate people.	Yes, there is no real risk to participating.	I think there is too much risk with this one. 	This seems very manipulative.	Yes, it is a good chance for education in secure environment.	Yes, it would either verify in a secure environment that they are taking appropriate security precautions or make them realize that they need to take precautions in the future.	I am pretty much the IT person in the family and I think being exposed to something like this would be good for the people I care about.
AVTSOCEYYF2TI	3LQ8PUHQFLTSAILLYL8YTFFV39JIH6	Twitter	2741	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think the ability to tack spam traffic is good, but I am not sure about the impact to the user/participant who is unknowingly being duped into participating without consent. 	I think it is an interesting study in social media to see how emotion is tied between people. The cause and effect factor of emotion tied to what the participant is seeing is an interesting concept.	The more knowledge we can gain on criminal hackers, the better. The participants also are educated by knowing what has occurred and how.	Phishing is a huge problem and it is often hard to tell you are being targeted. A study that links a relationship between a person being more apt to respond to a trusted party can help build education on phishing attempts.	Security risks when in an online environment can cause several issues and many people are not aware of just how scary and time consuming a breach in security can be. Any study that can create better warning systems is great.	Although I understand the need of the survey, it seems a little unfair to the participant who has zero knowledge they are being duped. The participant believes they are contacting a store where they have an actual interest and may want to buy, but then will never receive a product. The inability to inform users seems a tad unfair to the users.	I do not see any harm to participants in studying how people are tied together in their emotional responses.	Although the researchers plan to dupe the participants in the beginning of the study, they will inform them after the study completion. In doing so, the participant will be more highly informed on online security.	I see no harm coming to the participants and they are informed afterward about the participation. Participants will be more aware and knowledgeable on phishing attempts at completion.	People should understand security risks and how they relate to their personal data. The fact that the researchers reveal the true deception makes this educational to the participant.
AVU660SAWIUO0	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVLFKIU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	328	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	 This could be a useful study, and the results could help understand how exactly spam emails work / under what conditions they are successful. At the same time, spam emails are annoying.	If it cannot produce valid scientific results it should not be conducted.	See above, this is too dangerous.	 Again, no scientific or useful results means it should not be conducted.	Might scare some people, but a useful study.	 I don't see this research as a bad thing per se, but it would be somewhat undesirable to have someone I care about receiving spam emails.	 The researchers will not be able to produce anything valid from this, so I don't see why someone I know would participate.	This study is much more dangerous, as an unscrupulous researcher might steal the passwords.	 Same as previous, no results = no involvement by my friends.	 This is a good study for checking how people respond to security alerts. Don't see any harm in it.
AVUJVFNHEQTP6	3A7Y0R2P2OPLRJ56L7BK82IP491JXC	Control	399	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	no	yes	no	yes	No real damage - but it is bothering people and people might want to actually buy the products	manipulation of mood - and not for a worthwhile scientific purpose	No real damage being done		Seems like something worthwhile to study		manipulation of mood	No real damage being done	Actually getting passwords - I don't think so.	Why not?
AVUY6U19T480U	3BXQMRHWKZZJBNHWJZDP4NB2ENWUMK	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	321	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes							It's a good lesson in internet safety. 		They should learn their lesson if necessary.	
AVVZTRF9H0XHH	3SB4CE2TJVWAQQ22R1Y7F3F6ENKXAP	InsertPosts	12448	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	unsure	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	no	It sounds like this would mess with spammers a bit, which is always a good thing.	As stated, I don't see how harm could come from this.	It seems like it might be beneficial and anyone with MTurk experience shouldn't be surprised.	It's still a good idea that I could see being used for the benefit of potential phishing targets.  Which is pretty much everyone with an e-mail account.	I could see people potentially screwing up their computer trying to take immediate measures to counteract the fake security risk.	It wouldn't harm someone I care about but I don't have a reason to want them to do it.	I see no potential negative in running this experiment so it wouldn't matter to me.	Deception is used in a large percentage of HITs so participants should be used to it anyway.  It is used for a different reason, but still used.	I have received false e-mails from what appeared to be a friend, it happens a lot from people on my FB friends list.  I wouldn't want to have someone I care about think that happened to them even for a second.	Some people don't know how to react to such things and do things like turn their computer off right away, and not properly.
AVX3SWFMBEPMZ	39LOEL67OS6KR429AE75CWK7HCB834	NoAdvertising	791	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	no							It's a bit invasive to my privacy.			
AVYX5K4348S6I	3NPI0JQDAO6AWDZKBAF7GVJV0CUTPE	NoAdvertising	1638	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	Don't record what the victims try to buy -- then the experiment would be more ethical.	The experiment manipulates the emotions of the participant -- where as the previous experiments did things that the participant may not be aware of as having happened until the experiment was over. Making them wiser about their computer usage and improving overall computer security. This experiment seems to do non of these positive things.	Be careful with the sensitive data and destroy the passwords immediately after.	The researchers have good intentions -- but their data could still be used in bad ways.		Although sending out the spam from their own computers may not be harmful (as longer as their is no malware etc in the spam)- leading the victims to a website and record their purchases seems wrong to me. It invades their privacy. 	Unlike the other experiments the victims could suffer in some way -- even if the experiment was done correctly.	Overall -- I think this experiment could be OK to perform. But caution would have to be used with the victims personal data.	Although there could be risk(their passwords could still fall into the wrong hands)It would be better for the candidates -- and everyone else -- to learn the mechanisms the scammers use and how to combat them.	There really is no risk and the the data could be helpful to all.
AVZGYDFYNLZDI	3GNA64GUZE5TBNP9ARCYDK3RPEXQ5W	Twitter	642	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent	yes		There may be some who become more upset by having negative posts, which might actually harm some people.	They may continue, but have to be wary of people who may be upset after the experiment.	Passwords can be sensitive information, so students may be upset if they figure out their password was accessed by someone other than the university.	There may be some people who become very upset even if there was no risk.		I think this is an important idea to explore, and I don't see the harm in anyone I know participating.	Passwords can be very personal and I would not want something like that being put into a form anywhere other than where I know it is safe.		No actual harm is being done, there was no risk.
AVZOC3OGBQRX2	36ZN444YTRZ22Z782Y3ODOCWFRCIO1	WithoutPublication	1135	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	yes	This seems to violate ethical standards. 				There are still ethical questions, but this seems to be okay from what I am gathering from the description.	I understand the need of "blind studies," but usually the participant is at least aware they are in some sort of study, just perhaps deceived as to what the study is really about, or unaware they are in the control or experimental group. 	This is ridiculous. This just happened and I saw the article on it. It is a violation of privacy		Unethical in my opinion. 	They are aware they are in a study, just not aware of what is being studied.
AW271D2VPCLFD	32KTQ2V7RDGLRVTTLOIY8ROO12BM9A	InsertPosts	293	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent										
AW2KLEPDZ10WB	317HQ483I7TKKE7W1J3BYZCRPKDNI3	WithoutPublication	479	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes										
AW4TVL4JFZGUI	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XGM7EW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	776	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	The spammers are basically a 3rd party source that the researchers are supplying with users information. If they wanted to do this they should make their own "spam" program and keep it in a controlled setting.	They should keep the user information as private as possible.	It seems relatively harmless.	They should be sure not to give away any information about the candidates.	They aren't exposing any threats. This is a safe and informational study.	The researchers would be releasing private information about the users to the spammers.	IT seems like a safe controlled study about a company. As long as they keep the individuals private they are fine.	This seems to be a safe experiment. They protect the users information.	It is a harmless experiment that could help the person I care about in the future. Making them aware on how easily they can be caught by phishing attacks.	Informing users on potential risk and ways to avoid it is important.
AW5G785I9RVYD	36TFCYNS44BP0DAGX78ZWP2ARU7XHL	UnnamedCompany	191	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes										
AW6UIL04MLQ9N	3LS2AMNW5FRFJXVRF68XMQ3I606OQL	InsertPosts	451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	They should try to protect the people and find another way to get this data	I do not see any negatives.	It could be harmful to have other people personal data.	It could put the participants at risk.	I think it is good that there is no breach of privacy to the participants.	I feel you could do this study without having people go through the risk of buying from a spammer.	I do not think it would be harmful at all. 	I do not think it is good for the research to get personal data from people without consent.	This is taking private information from people without consent.	I think it looks like a controller experiment with no risk to participants.
AW756FGW0VFGV	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8ECYZWO	WithoutImprovingProduct	814	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	unsure	no	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AWA9E0MXCUZEX	3R2PKQ87NW9E2WMWPIOBLKNRKS1IMS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	828	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	yes	yes	It's not ethical to lead people to believe they're making a purchase online wen really they aren't, especially when they are never told that their purchase didn't go through.	It seems unethical (not to mention irritating to the user) to mess with somebody's Facebook feed like that. Also, it just seems like a bad experiment. How is an automated algorithm supposed to determine the mood of a post?	It's probably a harmless experiment but I feel like you could piss a lot of people off by tricking them into divulging their passwords in that way, even if their passwords are not actually stored.	It's a potential useful experiment and will not result in harm to the subjects. 	The experiment is totally ethical and may provide useful results.	The experiment may involve tricking the subjects into thinking they've made a purchase when they haven't. This doesn't seem ethical.	It seems wrong to invade somebody's Facebook feed like that.	I feel torn.	It's harmless and could potentially open their eyes to the dangers of phishing.	The experiment is harmless to I wouldn't have a problem with it.
AWDJFLGKH1LQG	3KXIR214I4HUNLJOUB3NCAZA93842T	Twitter	416	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	This is sneaky and underhanded	If the tweets are public than anyone should be able to read them	They need consent to be able to do this	This is sneaky and I don't approve of it. 		There are other ways for them to conduct this experiment instead of tricking people. 	As long as the tweets are public than I have no preference for this 	The person that is being used in the experiment is not being compensated or has given consent. 	They need to come to an agreement with the person doing the experiment in order for it to be fair. 	
AWEBVZ5WLMJ74	388U7OUMF72USHI8Q0VM1FH54O5R0M	WithoutImprovingProduct	2849	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent	i have come to the conclusion that these experiments are headed in the wrong direction, and are harming subjects for no good reason	allowed is such a loaded word. how do you propose to prevent it? a lot of corporate research is never peer reviewed publicly. in a capitalistic society you have to make decisions based on available information, and where advantage can be had by limiting information you can count on it being controled facebooks's mistake was making it public. my money says they wont make that mistake again.	if i found this being done i'd do what ever i could to stop it and treat the perpetrators as criminals (hackers, id thieves) 	1: the law\r\n2: it's wrong	they sound like they have the right level of concern, and hit the key issues - privacy, security, etc. - hopefully they have a way to bail out if a participant panics	i have a better idea: use the honey pot to arrest the spammer, and work with law enforcement to see how they fared with their sales. perhaps you could design a clever experiment based on a promise of reduced sentenceing	what is the point? increase facebook postings? go pound sand.	unless i read this wrong, it says they (college students) want to get people to type in plain text, important passwords. what could possibly go wrong? NO!	as before, i think this isn't research on phishing, it's phishing. go to jail	sounds ok, but i doubt the future of the internet rides on it
AWII8883RCOBR	3Y9N9SS8LYCW8ZY0RMILYOY8S1OD3R	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	2842	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	unsure	yes	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	It is risky dealing with spam software that the researchers themselves did not create. As long as there is no way that spammers can actually benefit from the study, it can proceed.	Some people use facebook as a way to keep up-to-date with the happenings of their friends. If someone posts that they just got married, people will likely want to know, but they won't know if that post is hidden because it's too "positive."	As long as the passwords are not stored, there is no risk to the participants.	If this study takes place, the researcher must ensure that all of the participants' passwords and private information are deleted and they remain private.	No harm comes to the patients, and the deception is for the greater good.	Their computer is not at risk in this experiment	I don't use facebook that much, but some people may be offended that their friends' posts are hidden from them.	It will help prevent future computer users from falling for the tricks of hackers.	As long as their private information is deleted after the experiment, no harm can come from the study. 	There is no actual threat if they participate. Also, it is for scientific gain as well as helping people avoid security risks in the future.
AWO1LQWV8VA53	34J10VATJFZ5NBKOHBVS2T7WUXZIQO	WithoutImprovingProduct	793	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes	yes				It may make people aware that their information is highly available to just about anyone and it could make people double think all their email that they receive. People may become paranoid. 				It would make them aware that they can't always trust their email even it is from someone they trust. 	It would make a participant aware of how you can't always trust emails. 	
AWQ441SXO8IMU	3LJ7UR74RHEQC78HGU174Y28K1Q4NH	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	945	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	This one is a bit more difficult, because these people who try to buy things from these fake spam sites will actually be expecting to be charged, and to receive something, I'm not sure if this is a good idea. I think it needs to be altered, but I'm not sure how.	Sounds like a harmless enough study	This is actually a very important thing that should be studied in my opinion.	This is an important thing to study, and there is no danger	Again, there is no danger, there is no reason why they should not do this experiment	I wouldn't want someone I cared about to not know that they were making a fake purchase.	I have no strong feelings about this one way or another	There is no danger, since no passwords will actually be stolen. 	There's no danger, since passwords won't be kept	There is no danger in taking part in such an experiment. I wouldn't warn anyone, because that would cause them to react differently to the test
AWQ8NWFAWKVWC	3VE8AYVF8MYF7GI2U987D594KX68FT	Twitter	819	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	Only , If They want to waste time and grant money just to publish unpredictable results.	The twitter people are not (free)guinea pigs for emotional studies without being informed first. Scientists like these are just going to hurt social websites.	No! Period!			Doing a study on spam sales is a waste of time, Sales depend on type of merchandise, are the spammers using coupons or specials? Is the online store seasonal specific? In the end. the results would be too variable to bother with, not to mention a ruse to customers.	Who cares about users moods really, why would the scientists waste such time.			
AWRMHUCV3KAW9	3FTYUGLFSUMZMEL4556EDLWS6Q75DN	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	835	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	see above	see above	As long as there is full disclosure at the end of the experiment.  It would also be nice if there was a way to prove to participants that their password was not saved.	see above	see above	This could actually help people because it is stopping users/participants from purchasing from actual spamming sites.  I do think that the participants should be informed after about the experiment/block/misdirect.	People do not access Facebook to be part of an experiment, they log on to view their friends posts.  I don't believe that they should block people's posts from the user; that would make me angry.	Most research is not completely forward with the participants until the end; I don't see this as being any different.	I think this is going a little too far to trick users, but it would be a good lesson learned.	This is fine, and I've actually been involved in one of these.  As always, as long as there is full disclosure at the end.
AWSFMGEH1BL8	3SEPORI8WN0ZVL2HSJMSCOVHMPJAZ4	WithoutPublication	958	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	yes	yes	I think they need to inform users at some point.	I don't think people should be manipulated on a social networking site like that.	It seems like the research isn't out to harm people and the people as well as their information will remain anonymous, so I don't see the problem.	I think the researchers need to be responsible in the sense that few hands should deal with the passwords and they should be deleted after they are no longer needed.	I think it's important to learn how to improve security issues that exist.	The user isn't gaining anything from this.  I don't like that they aren't informed.	I might agree to this for some short period of time, but in general, I look at facebook as somewhere you gain information about what's going on in your friends' lives that they are willing to share.  It's not a place to get manipulated.	I think it's a good opportunity to help research like that, but it's also a good opportunity for a person to learn about their own security while online.	Even though it's a little intrusive, I think this is a good learning opportunity for an individual to have about the harms in automatically trusting links from people you may know.	A person can learn to be more careful about security risks they may encounter.
AWWSB7FWD79P2	32M8BPYGATNEAMQAEFQG8F3UO6QGIJ	UnnamedCompany	816	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		They may miss important updates from friends or family.		As long as students have the option to opt out if desired						
AWZ7P799UQ10X	3G0WWMR1UVLX1CVFER8K713DG2UNQM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	498	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no										
AWZTKPA39Q4WF	3FPRZHYEPY8I2GYMI7IF4A4FS643VO	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	661	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	Making sure no data is collected and the researchers can be trusted. Liability issues here as well.	A straight forward expierment that could be conducted with ease.	Some people may not have an issue with this.	Liability issues could make this a rough one.	This looks like a simple straight forward experiment where no extra data is needed.	I wouldn't want anyone receiving my loved ones data. Collected or not.	I see no problem or privacy concerns with this.	Because people are still accessing their data, regardless if it is collected or not.	It sounds like passwords and data would be collected and I do not want them for someone I care about.\r\n	This does not look to be harmful to anyone. No important personal data is needed.
AX4B5M8HBCCCP	3BWI6RSP7GAJ1ODNPTWVHNS9XCW7EY	Twitter	537	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes								great way of knowing what we fall for to correct it	good test	we need to find some way of preventing this and this will help
AX4XBJZSDFFVA	3137ONMDKG62UHOOIW0PN052WDZGEQ	WithoutImprovingProduct	600	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent		Some people can be completely detached from the internet and social media, while some people are completely attached. Those people that are attached can have a negative effect on their life and well-being		Don't see any harm, people will probably be mad if they feel the need to change their passwords though.	Don't see any harmful side effects to this experiment. It can only help	Again, can only help people.	Don't want someone I cared about getting negative posts. Then in turn posting negative posts, and slowly turn more negative over time.	Can only help people who will fall for these kind of attacks	Can help people be more aware of what they do on the internet and the repercussions that come from it. It is still beyond me that people fall for these types of phishing attempts.  	Can be enlightening for some of my friends to reflect on how they react to certain security risks.
AX6B4K2SXS61A	3J88R45B2GZHDU84GKG45Y41D8UXPD	WithoutPublication	451	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	Participants are being deceived, to a degree, but it is not malicious.	Personal social networks are being manipulated in this experiment.	As long as it goes through the IRB process and participants are not harmed or identified it should go forward.	These students did not sign up for this experiment.	I also do not see any violation of privacy in this experiment.	I still see no major harm in this experiment.	This is a violation of privacy that raises strong red flags.	I don't see how they would be harmed in this particular manipulation of the experiment.	I feel that this experiment violates personal privacy too much.	I see no harm in this experiment.
AX79WWW8GXBAS	3TPWUS5F892JU5UA1AYCJFRN5OXWCV	Twitter	8686	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	no	no	yes										
AX7MMTLWBUP21	3MYYFCXHJ38K2FRVTQOCEETBJO5G4K	UnnamedCompany	4305	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	no	no	indifferent										
AX8EVU7DCU70S	337RC3OW053ZIKOBODMF0WYWSZ1LV4	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	307	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
AXAWDI6UZQZNI	39GHHAVOMFSUTHHW1W9FBRLRBEFJ4G	Control	565	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes			TO HELP WITH THIS FRAUD	TO HELP 				TO SHOW HOW VULNERABLE THIS PERSON IS	TO SHOW HOW VULNERABLE THIS PERSON IS.	
AXCVRTAQ3R2FV	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28DRFGI	WithoutImprovingProduct	198	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AXDNFSVUBFLNV	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJU9VEK	WithoutImprovingProduct	1210	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	yes	indifferent	There is some deceit involved in users believing their purchase is going through when it is not	Excluding posts without people's knowledge could exclude important things that they would normally be expected to notice or want to know, such as the frustrations of a significant other or trouble among family	Researches are gaining personal information through dishonest means, which seems like legal territory and does expose vulnerable information	Verifying the passwords means that they do have personal information of value gained through dishonest means	Many users are aware of spam "security risks" that are not from their machine or security and can check				Would help them to be more aware	
AXE12U6PFJ1NL	33IZTU6J812EQMOW81KY039C0ZPXSV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	854	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	In my opinion, spam is just a normal part of email. The problem would be if the same email address was sent multiple messages over time.	The worst thing that could happen would be someone not being in a great mood after seeing other happy posts.	People who already know it would (hypothetically) steal their information would close out of it, and people who didn't know would be informed after they do so.	I would be worried that a friend who received a fake email from another "friend" would take the study the wrong way and confront them about an email they did not send.	There is no danger, which participants would read at the end of the HIT, so there is not risk to anyone involved.	There would be no harm done to the person, and it would be done without them knowing about it.		If they actually fell for it, they would most likely smarten up after reading that it was a fake attempt to steal their information, and would be less likely to fall for it in the future.	It would, ultimately, make them more aware about phishing attempts through email.	
AXE9E6Y8IN5RN	3RWE2M8QWHB9DJQGXTE5SVCV3QW0NL	WithoutImprovingProduct	247	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	yes	caution	no	yes	no	no	no			I believe it is a valid experiment to curb theft on the internet.					I do not like the idea of a loved one sharing any important information, even for an experiment.		
AXES5VJGH2CYV	3HOSI13XHZPUQR0XKBOXBXKKJATDDX	Control	712	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		The researchers are not disclosing the experiment to the subjects, nor allowing them the opportunity to decline to be included in the data set.	The subjects have agreed to participate in a study, the deception is maintained only long enough to gather the information, and afterwards the participants are given a full debriefing.	There probably is not a less intrusive way to obtain the information than the one being proposed, and the ptential for harm is small	This is a purely behavioral study.  aside from a moment of unease, it is unlikely to be harmful in any way.					
AXG06LRVOPOA1	37C0GNLMHF4V5ILIAOGJ5RAS2U26D6	UnnamedCompany	486	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	yes	As long as it is under control, it wouldn't be that bad.	You can't let this experiment become too invasive.				There seems to be a security risk, and also it would be frustrating to not be able to buy the product which could lead the consumer to the spammer.			If something went wrong I wouldn't want someone I know getting hurt.	
AXJA7N3AM3BYJ	3DY4FPOOA1PALIJOTXJBM87VYKOVRO	InsertPosts	875	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	yes	That is deceptive and if someone wants to buy something from spam mail then you shouldn't interfere. I am sure there is a better way to monitor purchases.	Sure, I don't see any harm in it. 	I think that is a bit mean and deceptive. You don't have to stoop to the bad guy's level to tell people to be cautious.	As stated in the previous answer, it is an invasion of privacy. Just tell people not to give out their passwords. I have never been asked to and think it would be weird if a website asked for it. It already has it, I am usually the one asking for it because I forgot it.	It doesn't sound like anything is compromised. You are just studying reactions and that is all they are giving you.	I can't stand anything to do with spam.	I like the idea of moods effecting each other and it would be interesting to be involved and see the impact we have on each other.	It still sounds too much like the last one. I still have a funny feeling about it.	No, probably not. It seems a bit fishy to me. :) I think it is too much of an invasion of privacy. 	Sure, it sounds harmless enough.
AXKJUAFCH4XUY	3OUYGIZWR7Z9G42TD8RXWKHQ3180PK	WithoutImprovingProduct	508	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	caution	caution	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AXMYJ17D88P77	3L4PIM1GQTHRPCETY86VT7BPGYSRYP	Twitter	1419	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no				I appreciate the participants will have the opportunity to have their information taken out of the study.		I don't trust that the researchers can make this completely safe.	Blocking someone from seeing what the people they follow are posting seems wrong. It would make Twitter seem very untrustworthy.	It just feels very unsafe.	I think it would be ok if they were part of it, because it would be disclosed to them, but I don't see a real benefit to the individual being included.	I would assume that they would get the security warning and stop the experiment and therefore not be paid.
AXNU15K8RNG7A	3U8YCDAGXPHUGG38DL6MWP7084T0QO	UnnamedCompany	192	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes				this is important					No harm no foul	
AXOPRAIA6G1DC	3LYA37P8IQO9P08NYWJEKKRA0YYBKL	NoAdvertising	1413	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	indifferent	yes	I think the researchers may open themselves up to legal action if the messages are traced back to their computer 	It doesn't seem necessary to alter posts. I would think you could conduct this study by looking at historical data instead of manipulating posts. It would just take a larger data set.	I think the study would open the door for real bad guys" to create their own false studies in order to truly collect passwords 	I think they should only proceed if they limit the participants to students and staff of the university. They should also follow up with all students with study results, conclusions, and recommendations  	Once again I think the researchers could be sued if a real attack happens against a participant. Perhaps conduct initial research at a corporation where only the President and the CIO know about the research. The info would help both parties 	Adults should individually decide whether to click on SPM messages	It could alter how the participant feels toward poster by editing out parts of the post thus falsely portraying how the poster actually feels. 	The study would undermine the trust between Mturk and the participants. 		After the study is finished I believe the followup dialog would help educate my friends about cyber security issues
AXPJ220BBN3MU	37TD41K0AHAQNOD1H5OBMQO2ZC2CSZ	Control	805	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	That is just not right.	I know I would like to see how it turns out.	I would like to see how it turns out.	Just not with my name on it.	i would like to see the results.	That is just not right to do that.	I would like to see how it turns out.	I would like to see if they fall for it.	I would not want them to think I sent them that.	i would like to see what they do.
AXQAMAX5I3RMS	3Z7ISHFUH0WLCX92VL2EGXPMWYPZ8P	WithoutImprovingProduct	309	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	yes										Not much risk to participants.
AXQBZ1L2GBTP6	35BLDD71I6YJN95F3EDO8B9U7WIZVM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	493	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	caution	caution	no	no	no	no	no										
AXQN70O1G1DAU	3WETL7AQWT914MJ7CG020CAGFMI355	Control	500	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent		This is an invasion of privacy. I would not want my Facebook friends' post taken away from the feed I look at for an experiment like this.					I do not think it would be fair for my friend to have their Facebook friends' status censored. 			
AXRD44CRVOJUH	3GNCZX450IO5HH0B5AOQLQT3COOPA6	InsertPosts	532	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	yes	yes										
AXS6YLOV1OXGJ	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGET76Y	UnnamedCompany	359	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent										
AXTP5DUOQ3G1	3B4YI393V9X6U52XEREB1VSKLNOSSP	UnnamedCompany	225	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no										
AXWHSYQN20S1M	3HL8HNGX452FLL1CZ1ELD14F4079FW	Twitter	447	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	yes	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	Don't want to ruin people's computers.	There is no reason not too. It is a solid psychological survey.	They need to educate people to avoid scams.	They will hopefully find a way to educate those that do not know how to avoid these scams.	Sounds like a safe enough experiment.	If they wanted to do it, I am in no position to tell them otherwise.	It is a solid survey with no reason not to participate.	I think people should learn how to avoid these scammers.	Once again, people need to learn how to avoid scammers.	Says it does no harm to their computers.
AXZOTBEGBF5DV	3JPSL1DZ5S05EWOYPVBYH1O8CBOAN0	WithoutPublication	461	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	unsure	no	caution	no	indifferent	no	no	yes						It feels like a violation of privacy.	I would want to know what the results would be used for.		Too much personal data involved	If it actually leads to more effective security warnings then it seems worthwhile, but it seems deceptive
AY0758IITCGOZ	3GU1KF0O4I2A0R53BOOMG1D9U9EBPY	InsertPosts	429	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no										
AY0BJCGY2DHIX	3RXCAC0YIRQLLGEX5TEPVQ9GLB48GO	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	1329	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent	This is a borderline one.  Your research subjects aren't being told they're lab rats, which is always wrong.  On the other hand, being directed to a fake version of the webstore the spam directs them to might actually prevent them from being preyed upon by spam they otherwise would have received and responded to.  I don't know.  It's right on the borderline.	Once again, you have no business making someone a subject of your experiment without their consent or permission.  It's morally unacceptable.  There has to be another, better, less reprehensible way to collect this data.	Turkers are volunteering to be lab rats, yes, but anything that tricks us into giving up information like passwords violates the mturk terms of service.  You can lie to us and trick us, and we're fine with that as long as the money is good, but only up to a point.  And this crosses it.	You have no business making someone a subject of your experiment without their consent or permission.  It's morally unacceptable.  There has to be another, better, less reprehensible way to collect this data.	Turkers accepting a hit understand full well that they are being used as lab rats, and are agreeing to serve as such for a fee.  We are often told than an experiment is about one thing when it is really about something else.  We accept this, so long as we're being paid enough to make it worth the aggravation.  		It sounds like the researchers aren't asking these facebook members if they want to participate in an experiment and are tampering with their feeds without permission.			
AY0JQAVSVSGP	3NJM2BJS4W7TAWX9POKHRLJRCR4CPQ	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	1601	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes		You are limiting the contact the person has with people.	As long as they don't have access to the passwords I think it's okay.	I question the ethics of it.	It is beneficial and no one is in any real harm	I don't think it's harmful and we get information from it.	You are limiting the information someone can receive.	Since nothing is actually taken and it is all controlled I think it's justified.	I disagree with the fact their Facebook is being looked at.	I don't think there is any harm in the experiment and it helps us in the future.
AY1LK3QNG7YV0	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FF44MD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	680	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	yes	If there is a way to stop it, good. If it would be so spam is even more directed at us in a specific way to make us buy stuff, then no. 	I don't want to be a part of facebook experiments. Don't agree with them, shouldn't be done. 	If the goal is to come up with ways to stop hacking, yes.	Those are scary experiments, wonder what purpose they realllly serve. 	I want to know as much as possible about internet security, and all the warnings that always pop up all over the place.	No one likes spam.	This was already done by facebook. 	Hacking needs to stop. If that will help, then yes. 	I don't like this one, wouldn't want anyone I know to be a part of it. 	I think this is very important research. 
AY1NK9XSCHOLP	339ANSOTR53JC8MT46BV67VNVP3IKO	WithoutPublication	527	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	no	no	yes	yes	indifferent	Seems like a waste of money.	Seems rude.	It will help some people who fall for these types of tricks. 	It would be good fro all those involved.  		This study seems silly to me and like a waste of money.	No need to tamper with their current mood.	I would like whoever was involved to learn more about their personal security while on the internet.  	I would want them to know about the dangers of of phishing and giving out personal information over the internet. 	
AY5293RYJ0DT2	3TMSXRD2X61Z72KCLD9S2J8W1TN1WV	WithoutPublication	603	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	indifferent	no	no	no	yes	Does stopping spam really have anything to do with how profitable it is for spammers?  Doubtful.  It is intuitive that the response rate is de minimis, which is the reason they have bot machines and send as many millions of email as possible.  An economically based policy approach to spam seems pointless.			It's a waste of time and resources.		I'm not even clear that there is a "participant" ... the researchers are simply proposing to send more spam out into the internet.	The goal of protecting the modds of psychologically vulnerable users is creepy -- who is Facebook to make such a decision?  Furthermore, the entire experiment is creepy and an inadvertent demonstration of the power Facebook wields.	The researchers now have the user's passwords which in itself is not secure, no matter the researchers' intentions or statements that they do not have the passwords.	It's kind of a waste of time.  It's well known that hackers use all sorts of email addresses, including your friends' addresses.  For the deceit perpetrated on the participant, it seems very little is gained in terms of valuable information.	
AY6KUWT4PBW0X	3DL65MZB8DGPD58JGA46X9KNYMNCEU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1426	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	I think these are important questions and this research could help strengthen computer security.	I'm not really sure what the purpose of this would be or what the researchers are trying to explain but I'm not sure that I like the platform ie facebook	I think that the results could be used to help people better protect themselves form this type of threat	The context of this project is already something of a no-brainer. People should know NOT to divulge password info. Writing a warning for this scenerio would not require this sort of experiment if it was worded well.	I consider the deception in thi instance to be 'soft' and will not impact the subject at the conclusion of the test.	I think this could provide very useful data for researchers		I think this could be a useful experiment and if a friend of mine did this experiment and learned something - even though they were tricked at the outset - it might help them better protect themselves in the future.	Most people should already know NOT to give out password information under any circumstances, and it doesn't take a research project that could compromise personal information to draw these conclusions. \r\n	I think that this is a useful project, and no one is actually exposed in any way to a real threat.
AY7KNC8J09FQO	37XITHEISWAEM9DO2GO6WGJ6DAYCRQ	WithoutPublication	324	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	caution	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes						It seems to be safe, if it's just for research			I believe it looks pretty safe, if it's just for research	
AY9086LI8Y1LY	3PB5A5BD0V7HL29EVOMJHQDLAQDG7M	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	337	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes				I would not want to be a participant	Yes, I can't think of a reason why not.				seems personal	I can't think of any reason not to.
AYA1LRB27KSR1	323Q6SJS8IH80RJVXD2DQI23NCXHFA	Twitter	283	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	no	no	caution	yes	yes	no	no	yes										
AYB8OUY4TLSUE	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSWS02J	InsertPosts	1424	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent		I don't really think this experiment would put anyone at risk, but I don't think the matter being studied is even necessary. It seems fairly unnecessary to develop a feature like this on Facebook.	I think there is no harm done in this experiment because no personal information is being obtained and the participants are briefed afterwards.	I am sure that there would likely be no real information compromised, but it just seems too risky. 	Again, as long as participants are being briefed afterwards and no personal information is being collected, I see no harm.	I think that the experiment will lead to helpful information, but I think that most people would not like to find out that they were being "watched" or studied without their consent.		I don't see why I would have to be worried about someone I care about participating in this experiment. It seems rather harmless.	I don't really like the idea of actual password information being collected since I don't know the conductors of the experiment. It seems more personal and there seems to be a risk of real password information being compromised.	
AYBZNPQAINQ7L	33NF62TLXJ3F7J6ZMOWVI8AN811JK4	InsertPosts	578	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no		It's an invasion of privacy.					It's an invasion of privacy.		It's invasin of privacy, and is unethical. Any "research" undertaken with such ethical concerns is invalid and should never be given creedence.	
AYDJKQJ2FAYUL	3SPJ0334214AROVGQ3XMRGPY6HOYJU	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	811	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	People who would be gullible enough to click a spam link would not be bothered by this being a fake spam.		This study can be eye-opening to participants and readers about how easy it is to trick people and obtain passwords		Yes, this is important work. The results from this study can be used to identify better ways of presenting security warnings to users.	This seems like a harmless study.	I don't think people's moods should be tampered with unknowingly. Some people are on the brink of suicide or deep depression and may be sent into a downward spiral if tampered with.	Since this doesn't store passwords it's not as harmful.	This is harmful since it obtains student passwords and exploits friends	This is not a harmful study.
AYEA5AKLJFSKT	33TIN5LC04BLLCI74R692MBVAAPY98	UnnamedCompany	841	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	As long as no identifying information is collected, I see no harm in the experiment being run.	When dealing with people's feelings a lot of caution needs to be used.  Social media is not a place to do this kind of experiment.	Getting participants' passwords is too personal.	The researchers should not be looking at students' Facebook profiles.	There is no real risk or invasion of privacy.	I would not want to make that decision for another person.	I don't think it is a good idea to tamper with people's feelings.	The researchers are getting personal password information.	I don't believe that this is a good idea because the researchers will be looking at Facebook profiles without the student being aware that this is being done.	I would want them to be aware of and take security warnings seriously.
AYFJ4EGQXWING	3HMVI3QICJT3W7FC0ERGNGTCCYBY19	WithoutImprovingProduct	791	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	unsure	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	I believe you have to know how something works to prevent it.	Seem like this might not be legal	Seems like stealing to me, if I steal somebody's car and bring it right back I still stole it!	I believe it will help people in the long run.	Because it will help people in the long run.	I think this could help them in the long run and if not them then others.	Unlike the others I don't feel like this is helping much in the short term or long term but I do feel your messing with someone's personal stuff without permission.	Seems a little fishy to me	I believe it will help people in the long run.	Because it will help people in the long run.
AYG3MF094634L	3PH3VY7DJLYW2Y5KTOIKUDS8E5TWZ2	UnnamedCompany	1062	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	caution	no	caution	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	There has to be some sort of warning/consent before hand, even if people don't know what it's for. Other wise it turns into another Facebook study.	Not after the fallout I've seen.		A simple survey asking about phishing attacks (attempted or otherwise) and how they happened would suffice, I think.	I say with caution b/c the few that have popped up on mturk have gotten people talking, and that probably skewed the study.		I'm assuming this is referencing the recent Facebook catastrophe. I have a sister in law who ended up as one of the participants, and a whole lot of shit hit the fan between her and one of her other sisters, b/c they were blocking the other sister's posts. I've heard similar stories from other people who just found out certain friend/family posts were altered/blocked.		That's too invasive, tbh. 	Well, maybe not the one person I know who would become hysterical. We call her phishbait, and keep her computer as locked down as humanly possible.
AYHZ81UUC6H86	39K0FND3AHGZWE3YDUWY4MZ87N0MA2	WithoutImprovingProduct	364	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent										
AYIBS1EZ5BPGN	35H6S234SA10156PVIY07FM0P4I56T	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	693	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	no	caution	no	yes	no	no	indifferent	This one seems very tricky, because again malicious people (spammers) could use the data and the researchers are being misleading to the participatants.	This seems like a good topic for research.	The research may later be exploited by malicious hackers who will use the information to their benefit.	Giving out the personal information of students/participants in the research as well as their friends through Facebook is an invasion of privacy.	Yes, so long as people are reassured at the end that the security risk is not real.	This research study seems misleading if they do not tell the participants after the fact that it was not a real store.			This study seems very shady and I do not believe that the University should give out personal information like this to researchers.	I think it's interesting but I would not say they should or should not.
AYIXU7Z3N7QQK	3B3WTRP3DB3VKRP0B6ZETIAQVXJ29O	Twitter	592	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	This can be a way to perform this experiment that doesn't involve any actual spammers. 	As long as what is published isn't deleted or altered permanently, I don't see a problem with the experiment.								
AYJ21KR003B23	31LVTDXBL7B7PD7UFTH5ZZ9T7HRRLW	WithoutImprovingProduct	730	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	unsure	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	yes	It seems like it would be a good way to learn about how spam affects people. 		This seems like the best way to figure out how people are stealing other peoples passwords and it could lead to safer methods in the future so that it does not happen. 	This seems like a good way to learn how people can unknowingly become victims of phishing and how to prevent it. 			They should be able to post what they want and have it show on their newsfeed for their friends to see, regardless of the tone. 		It seems to be that students, being younger and more computer savvy would not fall for this as much as an older person might. 	It is a good way to learn about how people react to security warnings. This could make things better in the future. 
AYJ9TRVLA8YDP	3G2UL9A02DFFO9K8JBDX5Z0WGJF76U	InsertPosts	465	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	unsure	no	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	yes										
AYKHSILTGP4E	3X1FV8S5JXSJWSAADMPZN4TOW6IVGN	NoAdvertising	11160	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent		Facebook does not seem to be sharing the information posted as agreed.	It might have valuable outcomes.			There does not appear to be any long-term damage to participants.	Facebook does not seem to be sharing the information posted as agreed.	While it does involve deception, the real purpose would be revealed.  In addition, the experiment is unlikely to cause either distress or damage - and might remind us all to be much, much more careful in revealing information.	While deceptive, this study seems to have the positive results of increased awareness and prevention.	While it does involve deception, the real purpose would be revealed.  In addition, the experiment is unlikely to cause either distress or damage.
AYKMGH4GF41FX	3UWN2HHPUY69ESAS6VXP21IEYHDSNW	WithoutPublication	1164	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	Publishing recommendations for technical or policy approaches to stopping spam would be nice however doing it without peoples consent is not ideal, I also find it hard to see how doing this will help them figure out how to stop spam. 	Because this research doesn't seem necessary or well founded especially for the company Facebook to do, it also seems like they could find out this information with some effort without blocking or altering a persons facebook. 	Finding ways to increase internet security is good and telling people about such things would probably make them more cautious and telling them at the end would make it better however when taking peoples passwords I believe much caution should be taken. 	Because I feel that this is somewhat invasive and probably wont show how often users fall victim to phishing attacks because phishing attacks are usually from large organizations and very rarely personalized I don't see how impersonating a friend could get information that anyone performing a phishing scam could want.  	This seems somewhat important to find out and the fact that they will tell people at the end makes it somewhat better.	Because I wouldn't want someone I cared about being studied without their knowledge or permission.	As there is nothing about permission of any kind being obtained. 	I would not like someone I cared about to be part of an experiment without their permission.	Because tricking someone by pretending to be their friend seems invasive.	I would not want someone I cared about to be part of this without giving their permission.
AYKQE4LMXRD8A	3UOUJI6MTDFU5ZG0X6FYF4R0LT7XU2	UnnamedCompany	355	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	unsure	caution	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	Seems okay, so long as no malintent is involved.	It's unethical and unnecessary.	Yeah, so long as you do not abuse the information gained or leak it to potential hackers.	It just seems a little to intrusive.	Seems harmless so long as it's an isolated system.	Seems fine, as long as no one's personal property is damaged or compromised. 	That is a total invasion of privacy.	I mean so long as there is no malintent. 	Seems like it is a little dangerous	Could be a good way to gauge how people react to situations like the one stated.
AYO0O7C00JI24	3JZQSN0I3QBU0VOKD7KV5IQ28C3FGS	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	618	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	yes	no	yes	yes	no	yes										
AYO59C394ZYIZ	3MRNMEIQW57DO3OPXSMLUASPSLYLDS	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	655	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes		No one should be subjected to improper thoughts		To better educate the public about phishing attacks	Since the experiment would help the researchers to present effective security warnings to the user.		I don't want their mood to be altered artificially.	I am okay with them participating in this experiment since this could lead them to have more information about hackers.	Yes, phishing always happens in disguise	I would like them to take all security warnings seriously.
AYS3A8M6MIIJI	3HYA4D452RK4L1GDESZ63EW1YTY2FW	WithoutImprovingProduct	514	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	caution	caution	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	yes	This sounds like an experiment that could go awry if not constantly checked with security parameters, especially because it deals with infected systems that could potentially connect to bigger networks.		This sounds like it could potentially be misused if an individual on the research team were to betray the trust of the other researchers and the participants.				This doesn't seem to be the appropriate venue for carrying out an experiment like this.			
AYSG3J2U3UF1Y	3GGAI1SQEVZNPT0WX8SPAHPW7LOMCX	WithoutPublication	657	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	no	unsure	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	They would need to find out if it is legal.		This is probably illegal and violates privacy.	They would need to find out if it is illegal for them to do this first.	It is a harmless experiment and will help improve security.	I think this experiment may be illegal.		I believe this would be illegal to do this.	I think the sending of the phishing emails would be illegal.	It will help prevent computer security.
AYTKA8NEJEFGI	34T446B1C0FQMFTP835RCKIJ4N20CP	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	296	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	unsure	no	indifferent	no	no	indifferent				because they are breaching people's privacy without their knowledge or consent					My personal information is mine experiement or not it's a breach of my privacy 	
AYUBSG6FZ9DVU	3K2755HG5S4ROBETBHJNZXN5VRXFD6	InsertPosts	966	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	no	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	Make sure no real information is collected.	no harm can come from it.	Only if they are not really asking for passwords and personal information that could be used for identity theft etc.	Do not trust them even for the study.	Good way to teach with no real harm being done.	good way to show someone how it is done.	It seems obvious to me that moods are contagious  both positive and negative.	Only if they did not give any real usable information or passwords	There must be a better way of teaching people about it without having them fall victim to it.	no harm can be done and its a good for them to learn.
AYUIMF5P6V7KD	3KKG4CDWKIZ5N54NFKI2MX7OFJ8940	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	602	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	yes	yes	indifferent	indifferent	The researchers need to make absolutely sure that they will not be accepting payments on accident from the potential buyers.	they have to be careful not to exclude important posts such as tragedy in a family.	People need to know what to do and what not to do, passwords are extremely sensitive.		People need to know what sort of risks to look for on the internet	It seems like a good study, there is no way to find out what the researchers want to know unless they do this experiment.	Others have a direct affect on others' mood.	People need to know that they are being phished, or that their password is being taken from them using a well thought out trick.	Seems like a decent experiment all around.	Real Security warnings should be taken seriously.
AYXIDCIGUA037	3WYGZ5XF3WG86MPP9I59A91A4JWKS1	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	852	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	no	no	no	no	yes	As I said above. It places people at risk, and helps spread an infection.	Because it interferes with the feed, and randomnly does so. No one agreed to such an experiment, apart from vague words in the TOS.	Because they're still giving up legit passwords, which could conceivably be misused. And I've seen for myself that scammers do occasionally appear on mturk.	It really depends on how much security truly is involved, and if the students sign up for an experiment knowing there may be significant deception involved.	Because there's no true risk, and because those doing HITS already know that at any given time they may encounter deception.	Too much risk of real infections reaching participants, plus their info, it sounds like, is being monitored by an outside party. Along with that, it's still allowing the spam to get through, along with whatever other harm occurs. The researchers are watching harm happen.	Because Facebook already ruins the feed, and this only allows them more ways to do so, and makes such things seem a bit more acceptable. 	Because they're still giving up legit passwords, which could conceivably be misused. And I've seen for myself that scammers do occasionally appear on mturk.	it exposes their passwords to anyone who has access, and verifys they have accounts. It also violates their privacy by using Facebook to find friends to impersonate.	Because there's no true risk, and because those doing HITS already know that at any given time they may encounter deception.
AYY5ZN9LNCDX3	3KOPY89HM839BLYS1I4W1MTLXES3JO	WithoutImprovingProduct	281	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	caution	caution	unsure	caution	no	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AYYIQAU3QCJAY	3STRJBFXOWS9LM24YIAZKEXW6B2TK9	WithoutImprovingProduct	2570	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	no	no	no	Some in individuals like spam. Others  hate it. It does serve a purpose, and generate a profit, otherwise it would not be an option. Spam is a recent facet of the free market system. I believe that when I am forced to view a commercial before I can view a selected video on YouTube, I am watching live 'spam'. After all, one does not select spam, it is forced on you. The choice to view or read it is up to the individual. Excuse me, the commercial is on, I am going to the restroom.	As I said before, Facebook post are often 'off the cuff' and not indicative of what the users are actually thinking or experiencing. In such a case, the experimenters would surely be in danger of false positive results.	The variables MUST be defined.	Participation MUST be voluntary.	Research participants must give consent to comply with ethical ramifications.	There is no way to eliminate spam. It is like junk mail. As long as marketing exists, spam will be a 'wingman'. Delete it or read it, the decision is with the receiver. 	Sometimes people are dishonest on Facebook. Often, individuals post false information to witness the reactions of their friends.	A study must be conducted where individuals are aware of what is being tested. A better way would be compiling the experiences of those who have fallen victim to such hacking sites. This information could be collected, analyzed and reviewed to determine high and low risk online behaviors. For example, the sites or pages most hackers utilize. Moreover, researchers could pinpoint who are the most frequent victims. Are they old, young, unemployed, upper class, working class, urban, suburban, etc. Each of these and additional variables must be examined.	This is unethical.	I would not want someone to be part of a study without consent. Those who conduct such research are familiar with the tenets of ethical information gathering. Research participants must give consent prior to participation.
AYYZ8YOVV6366	3C2NJ6JBKAIG9TTUCGIJBJ5A0KEN2I	WithoutPublication	9823	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	caution	yes	yes	no	indifferent	no	yes	yes										
AZ10B5NII9MET	3FE7TXL1LIO1CQ6MS8A0FD0F540Q2P	InsertPosts	649	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	yes	unsure	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	no	yes	This appears to be necessary research	This is a personal decision and should not be disrupted or studied.	This research is necessary.	Most people will probably delete the e-mail thinking it a scam to begin with so the research will be inconclusive.	This experiment is interesting.	As long as not harm would come to the individual or their equipment then I would say the decision to participate would be up to them.	This is more a personal matter.	As long as no harm would come to them I would leave the decision up that person.	Because there is no way to know if the e-mail received is an experiment or real phishing	I don't believe any harm can occur.
AZ2DTLD2OGM0Z	374TNBHA8BWRDBZTLTHVOH1KKM5QYM	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	480	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	no	caution	caution	caution	indifferent	no	yes	yes	yes		You should not be able to experiment on people without consent.	See above	They notify and allow people to exclude their data.  	They are part of a study, so they have given consent and this appears to be minimally intrusive.			This actually would be a good thing for people's safety.  They get phished by someone who actually doesn't harm them in an attempt to teach them how to protect themselves.		
AZ42DH0DM2PFK	33PPUNGG386RU2OYUU8E7EKRMTFZR9	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	529	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	caution	caution	no	yes	no	no	no	I don't think this experiment would be beneficial to them	I don't think the experiment would be harmful	This experiment could be harmful for users since they won't know what is going on	Must be careful with how much information you take from the users		They would be deceiving the users	Ii don't think that the experiment is harmful in any way and I wouldn't have a problem with it		Having the users think they are a part of a phishing scam could be harmful	I could see this experiment not going the right way and users start worrying 
AZ4AFEZS407LU	3R0T90IZ1SDNXJ4AM5UUXC5ZBZ6GCD	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1537	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	no	no	no	indifferent	indifferent				these kinds of security vulnerabilities need to be studied	I think as long as no actual data is collected that this might be permissable	This is a nonsensical study of which I see no real benefits to it being conducted. Just ask ex spammers what their conversion rate was.	Another useless study.		phishing is a problem that needs to be addressed	
AZ87VXTITFIJR	345LHZDEDXTIP19MDH8A8O2WEU53UZ	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	447	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	yes	no	indifferent	no	no	yes	researchers will have access to credit card numbers		no because they will have access to passwords	they will have the students' passwords						
AZ92UJB09GHSG	3NC5L260MONIS85I1QX3ARZ4ZAOOF6	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	522	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	Anything to decrease the amount of spam in my inbox!	It would be interesting to see the results of how people are influenced by social media.	This experiment could educate more of the population on hackers and could prevent future identify theft.	It may teach others how to identify a phishing email.	It is for scientific research so a little deception is okay.	There is too much spam in the world so this would be a great experiemtn	Does not make a difference to me because my friends and I rarely use facebook.	I would want them to be aware of hackers.	It would be good to learn the signs of phishing.	There is no direct harm towards participant so why not.
AZA5QNNCUGBOS	3JJVG1YBEBY67HNKR9F8IV8S35XB5O	UnnamedCompany	237	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	yes	yes	no	indifferent						There seems to be a slight risk involved in participating.				
AZBE5I34FNEXR	3RJSC4XJ10V5NUKATTIJYEC9C3L50L	UnnamedCompany	703	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	it would help teach people about hackers	it will help people in the end	it will help people in the long run			it would teach them not to fall for hackers tricks		that way they would learn not to give out there passward	it helps people	
AZCV8JQ2NEFN8	3DEL4X4EL6MBM80577CNIPXDHDDXYN	UnnamedCompany	1637	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	caution	caution	no	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	I think they should find another way to approach the issue.		I think the research is a good idea, but they need to come up with an alternative way of going about it.			I think it could be psychologically harmful to do that to someone without their knowledge.	I think this is useful and harmless.	I think it could be psychologically harmful.	I think that in a controlled, and safe environment this would be a relatively harmless approach to do their research.	I think that this might be useful, and seems relatively harmless.
AZE084MMZVEYT	379J5II41OHIG92PTNX50SAASWUEL7	UnnamedCompany	297	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	yes	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	yes	no	yes	If they gather useful data they should keep it, but it seems dangerous to become purposely infected because it might get out of control.	The experiment doesn't sound very worthwhile, but if they want to do it then they should be able to.	The experiment sounds benign so I think it should be allowed to proceed	As long as they don't use the information for ill purposes, they should be able to collect and keep the data they receive.	The experiment sounds safe, so they should keep the data.	Allowing one of the PCs to become infested is asking for trouble	I don't care one way or the other	It sounds like it would be a good opportunity for this person to learn how hackers operate	Because I already know most people I care about would fall for the scam	It may prove helpful towards teaching this person about internet safety
AZF3WRYY43GNY	3TMFV4NEP8FHI24XKYI7HTV4FX3W8G	InsertPosts	600	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	caution	caution	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	Caution is key.	As we don't always know how people will react, caution is key.			With all experiments, there are variables that cannot be predicted, so caution is always warranted.	It could help prevent spam based cyber attacks.	It could help determine possible risk factors for potential crimes.	Could further internet security and attack prevention.	Protects us from cyber id theft.	It would help to further security warnings for everyone.
AZG2K9UMN16C0	3JMSRU9HQIVLCEEJ7RZBN18CJSXVE4	UnnamedCompany	280	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes			Security is very important in this new technolgical age.		It's not harming the participant	Spams annoying				
AZIA25AFZVU1N	32SCWG5HIH54UFO8FX7E5LRHGGB6PW	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	294	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	no	yes	yes	yes	yes										
AZJBV19YZ6ERJ	3ZAK8W07I4FM89APUUQR6Q4PBP70U1	Twitter	442	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	yes	no	indifferent				finding someones friends on Facebook for the purpose of research (although it is public information) just seems unethical to me.  You are targeting the audience of the research too much.						
AZLZMOKMW9WBA	3YMU66OBIN9EERFQ8X8V832FOT1HGH	InsertPosts	467	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	yes	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	yes	yes	yes	I think this experiment is necessary in order to continue to find new ways to prevent spam,									
AZMEJXNF0ZRPV	3AAPLD8UCCIIJW1WSX727MH4EQ8HTV	WithoutRemovingPositivePosts	270	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	yes	caution	yes	no	indifferent	indifferent	no	indifferent										
AZN9MC1CTEYOY	3JCG6DTRV3RI4987UJ01BVYIL5LQQ0	WithoutImprovingProduct	503	no	no	no	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	caution	yes	indifferent	no	indifferent	indifferent	indifferent	It's an interesting experiment, but I believe that purchasers should be informed after they make the purchase of the experiment. 	Should make sure that participants are in good mental health.	I feel like this is beneficial for both researchers and participants as the participants learn to not engage in those behaviors again and the researchers get their data.	I believe such a thing could ruin friendships.	I believe experiments like this have been done before, and I think they're interesting so why wouldn't they be allowed to proceed?	I don't believe anyone I know would purchase something from a spam email	I feel as though this could end up badly if someone is experiencing a bad time in their life and it seems that everything around them is negative.	No harm is being done, so I do not mind.	Since it's only an experiment I have no qualms about such a thing.	Since nobody is at real risk I don't mind.
AZQZR3R6OPXH9	3BEFOD78W6UKUPNH4TM7RJD8FFI4MR	WithoutImprovingProduct	863	yes	no	yes	no	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	caution	no	no	caution	caution	indifferent	no	no	no	indifferent									I would worry that it wasn't actually an experiment	
AZS81314E6QJG	3TK8OJTYM1MP9539G5FMHD7GX6XPVV	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	863	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	yes	caution	yes	no	no	yes	indifferent	yes	Again, good information, but to not be able to interject and stop the scam doesn't sit right with me.	I really don't know on this. Torn in both directions...interesting research. but dealing with real people's lives.	I see this as being a valid, safe study.	Given university approval and extra care for privacy, and perhaps compensation for the participants, it seems that this experiment would provide useful information to the public at large.	see above	I feel that individuals should be informed if they are being scammed, even though it would compromise the research data.	While I like the message of positivity with Facebook, I believe posts should be seen equally.	Researchers have outlined safety measures and will explain in detail to participants what the study involved.	This experiment does not seem harmful in any way, however I am apprehensive of someone I care about having to deal with extra emails and the worry of having been part of a blind experiment.	This experiment seems to have put all safety measures in place for participants.
AZTHBV93S8U3T	3BV8HQ2ZZW2X7BI6QEPHFQ2MHI36AK	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	398	yes	no	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	caution	yes	unsure	yes	yes	indifferent	yes	no	yes	Yes, I can't forsee any harm coming from the tests	IT sounds like this experiment may be toying with peoples' emotions		With the necessary precautions, perhaps, but otherwise certainly not			People sometimes get upset when social media toys with the updates that users see	No information is collected so the study sounds relatively safe	This study seems too personal and intrusive	It sounds harmless
AZW7QI4ZIWNT	3B2X28YI3WG2QLNYWSPDA1MSZ7L6BQ	NoAdvertising	620	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	yes	unsure	yes	yes	yes	indifferent	no	yes	indifferent	indifferent	Anything that sheds light on how to improve our way of life is a net positive as far as I'm concerned.	I'm not completely sold on Facebook being a truthful entity. But that depends on whether or not they are in fact not going to this information to better themselves, not just that they say so.	As long as the researchers are upfront and debrief them afterward, seems like a good experiment.	Seems well within the bounds of an experiment. Furthermore, I think this would be useful knowledge for the general public--people should know how to protect themselves.	This seems like a very standard experiment so I don't see why not.	Again, they can do whatever they want. There's no risk to taking this experiment. \r\n\r\n(Sorry if my answers are becoming redundant--a lot of these experiments seem good to me, and interesting.)	I'm still a little skeptical about Facebook research. I'd urge them to be cautious.	Again, it's up to them. Actually I think this would be useful information for most people since we use passwords every single day to access our emails, facebook, etc. In fact, it'd probably be a good idea.	As long as they want to participate. There's nothing bad about this experiment. Might be some potential benefits to it.	It's up to them. There's nothing particularly harmful about this experiment so they don't have anything to worry about really.
AZWKHH3PK1GNS	3QAPZX2QN4EDOX1NBAGL079XSZR20Q	InsertOnlyPostiveposts	1129	yes	no	yes	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	caution	no	caution	no	no	no	no	no	It is bordering on fraud.  The unintended consequences of opening up this type of manipulation for researchers is scary.	I'm leaning toward Yes, but with caution.  This is why I don't use FB like most people use it.	OK, so this is a voluntary HIT, so the user has agreed implicitly already, but the ethics are a gray area.  This could seriously backfire if the information were to fall into the wrong hands.	I do not agree this is a valid statement: If the researchers are not allowed to perform this experiment, they will not be able to measure how often users fall victim to phishing attacks.\r\nThere are clearly other ways that do not violate a person's right to make their information public without offering it as a tool to use for whoever thinks it useful.	It is a HIT or related to it, which does imply some sort of agreement to participate?  	I believe it is unethical to force someone to be a blind participant in an experiment.	Want is a strong word.		While the permission of the university is sought, the permission to utilize personal data like that on FB is not.  The act of collecting the data itself is unethical in my opinion.	Again, want?
AZY2R13Q2HGMC	3H8DHMCCW9C24X67CSAKFAFA3G4KDP	InsertPosts	1089	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	caution	caution	caution	no	caution	yes	no	yes	no	yes	As long as no personal information is collected and no personal property is damaged. I think the researchers should proceed.	The researchers should consider what affect this may have on the participant. If it causes the mood of the participant to change, this could have detrimental effects for some people such as those who are prone to depression. 	Researchers should be careful that all of their work is transparent and legal. They should ensure that there is no possibility of revealing private information. They should also consult a legal professional to ensure they are not breaking any laws.	Using a student's facebook profile without their permission, and collecting their passwords is an invasion of privacy and possibly illegal. This could be damaging to both the student and the researchers if legal complications arise.	The researchers must ensure that the message doesn't cause any undue stress on the participant. They must ensure that the participant sees the message that lets them know the security warning was not real.	I don't see any harm in the experiment, only benefits to scientific research. I have no issues with someone I care about being part of the experiment.	I believe increasing the number of negative posts may affect the participant negatively. 	Provided no information was collected, and the participant was informed afterwards. I don't see that this could be harmful.	This is an invasion of privacy. To verify passwords are valid the researchers will have to log on to the student's private accounts. This is at best immoral and at worst illegal.	I don't believe this experiment will be harmful in any way. If it benefits the research without harming anyone, it is a good thing.
AZZ82EGGP76XR	3NLZY2D53PQ7DCSU2ES5U9ZOB7HQLA	WithoutRemovingNegativePosts	425	yes	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	no	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	unsure	no	no	no	no	no										It would be too risky to trust a stranger with that much.
